jigna let's talk about you're not gonna
change your choice at this point
Cavaliers brother Kenny who and why well
I think you know Virginia I believe is
the better team but I just think Purdue
right now is hot they look like Auburn
did last night when they played North
Carolina they are on a mission they're
shooting the ball better so Clark what
do you think I'm going Cavaliers because
of defense and improved offense all
right ray hunter will be in the middle
of it all one spot is set either Purdue
or Virginia will be joining Texas Tech
in Minneapolis we will get you out to
third seed Purdue and top seed in the
South Virginia that's coming up next
we'll see you at halftime
March Madness and it's best for a trip
to the Final Four
here's to Rome parson Edwards on the
take
denied my dear Keith
five step back three for the time
you want to go to the bar before it's
not covered to you you
109 in one Thursday and what a night it
is going to be tonight
primetime Saturday night we welcome you
from Louisville Kentucky 20,000 Krays
college basketball fans ready to see
this a lead 8 matchup between Conference
champions the Big Ten's purdue
boilermakers the ACC's Virginia
Cavaliers for the trip to the Final Four
and a trip next Saturday against either
Auburn or Kentucky in Minneapolis
and how everybody we welcome you from
Louisville Kentucky great to have you
with us Brian Anderson along with Chris
Webber will hear from Allie LaForce
in just a moment congratulations to the
Texas Tech Red Raiders their first ever
Final Four appearance and now we're
about to send another one here from
Louisville tonight it is Purdue and
Virginia and Chris Purdue did it with
the long ball produced hit 40
three-pointers in this NCAA tournament
including 15 in their win against
Tennessee to have Purdue's offense is
centered around parks and that was I
mean when you think about what God's
event was desire
he scored 82 points
that makes it reduce all-time leader
the leaders are gonna shine in the Sun
especially for players like line who win
7 for 10 Thursday night gives its
industry parlance such a who taught that
here in Louisville this crowds going
crazy now they're ready to see this
matchup Virginia they're gonna try to
slow it down they have a slow pace they
hang their hat on defense and they are
the best defensive team in the country
at protecting the 3-point line because
as you said they play so slow they have
the best story
you can check this out
negation if you wanna get hot if you
scored 68 they are 31 and know when they
hold the ball on the offensive in
because they got some knockdown shooters
as well all right last time Virginia
went to a final for 1984 last time for
dual in 1980 something's gonna give here
tonight folks we're looking forward to
it we got the lineups and the tip coming
your way right after this coverage of
the NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament is
sponsored by Google cloud the official
cloud of the NCAA rocket mortgage by
Quicken Loans push button get mortgage
Marriott bon-voyage rewards reimagine
and by Taco Bell sometimes you got to
live mas
[Applause]
delivering in the now these players have
shined the system has worked
tonight they go from sweet to elite to
the Final Four to programs with winning
cultures deep roots and legacies passed
down from one generation to the next
it's Purdue and Virginia the South
Region final let the madness continue
tonight from Louisville Kentucky what a
scene here what a crowd
and we are just about ready to get this
one started
Allie LaForce was a scorer in college
but she's talking defense here tonight
benefit in the Cavaliers Christmas
Virginia defense has made a name for
itself because of its pack line defense
stifling some of the best offenses in
the nation all season long holding them
to 38% from the field but what is a pack
line defense
it's a half-court defense that packs in
the paint making it difficult to score
inside basically everybody but the
player guarding the ball has to be in an
imaginary zone that starts with a line
16 feet from the basket now to engrain
this area inside the players head
Virginia tapes down the area lock in
practice and every player must have a
foot inside the line at all times now
the pack pine is also a mentality
players will tell you the rotations in
the communication to work and move as a
unit for 40 minutes is very challenging
to beat it you have to knock down threes
this is a pretty team that's knocking
down just under 10
coming up again where they hit 15 which
style is going to get the web which
style is going to get Brian
there's so many high school coaches at
home fit you know about that pack line
you know about that sale drew watch this
export of defense tonight by Virginia
decorated players in these starting
fives Carson Edwards top scorer in the
Big Ten no jail Eastern the Defensive
Player of the Year the andre hunter and
kyle guy first-team all-acc we are ready
to tip it this Elite Eight matchup Rob
Gruber Tony Padilla beau borovsky three
officials Lee Cassell standing by and
there we go Purdue controls the tap trip
to the Final Four
Disney on the ground this excited the
whole crowd was standing up and I'm just
like wait a minute everyone in this
arena standing on their feet
well you played in games like this as a
player how do you come down from that
high of the introductions and try to get
into what you normally do try to do the
little
against Tennessee
he hits terrible
last five minutes that either tied the
game or gave Perdue the lead and who
else would hit the first shot of this
one
Ryan Klein the 6'5 senior from Carmel
Indiana
and the tub cookies good-natured took
the flop wasn't rewarded
and Virginia their first points on the
board
another way PA to get in your comfort
zone after all the hype and the energy
of the game to
little things if you're a big fella box
outrebound set strong screens go back to
the basics and then you'll calm down as
the game goes along
we are 500 miles from Charlotte's ville
here in Louisville we are 200 miles from
West Lafayette about a half hour drive
at seven foot three inches he is a beast
in the middle and he's got some finesse
as well
his first bucket of the day the deer
he'd say how strongly his hogs put his
shoulder into the chest the daka got a
little bit of space there and he got to
like that stock for hard to do Purdue
favor
[Applause]
score as well tied to Rome come on out
13 points played all but one minute as a
matter of fact these Virginia starters
played most of the game
on Thursday of their victory against
Oregon all the 12 minutes the starters
that works already with three balls in
offensively for Virginia the first two
offensive players in the game Purdue has
tried to take a charge it has been
unsuccessful but you need to make sure
you gather your feet because they made
that a point of emphasis in tonight's
game to try to to try to draw one when
he opens it took Purdue 99 points to an
overtime game against Tennessee Virginia
won with just 53 points against Oregon
and again @c ake EJ gets loose inside or
he is really emerging Cris the junior
from Guinea at 6-9 mama de ikita taking
over in the starting lineup for Jack
Shaw high for the little slow on the
rotation that time I'm sure the game
progresses he coaches them to make sure
that he gets over them to help defense
to stop that path to the cutter
Edward took it
thing about Maine Virginia if you get up
on it
to maybe watch their offense a little
bit
that's the only strategy you can go with
playing against Virginia
the enemy
[Applause]
this is going to be a three-point
shooting game here between guy and climb
they were AAU teammates in the
Indianapolis area rival high school
players that was a long - it was scored
from guy here's that word to get number
three no his first medicine guy rich
down the rebound
Virginia has been successful already the
two plays off of the pick and roll
finding the rollin with the slow
rotation defensively of Purdue let's see
if that's their style tonight to try to
get their triggers and facilitators
freak off a big girls run he and Clark
runs the pointer all will handle the
ball most of the time for Virginia not
shot and it's Edwards
lost the handle
tonight credits I traded commits the
foul can't fault the effort but it was
to the boiler to have a Carson Edwards
in the thirties off to see doctor tell
you what he's produced of all-time
leader in points scored in the NCAA
tournament that means he could shoot
them
here's a look at the overeats tournament
summary the Red Raiders of Texas Tech
out of the big 12 headed to the final
floor Purdue's hoping to make it to the
Final Four for the first time since 1980
last time they were at elite 8 game was
in the Jean Katie days and there is Tony
Bennett back in an elite 8 game for the
second time 13 and 8 record in the NCAA
tournament but he has not been to a
Final Four as a head coach his father
dick made it to a Final Four with the
Wisconsin Badgers so that is the
legacies that we want gkt we passed it
down to Matt painter and the father and
son legacy of the Bennett's in the
corner coming out of the timeout not
their rebound
ripped out by hunter at deep
[Applause]
never have a stop in the possession to e
sin with the rebound that time for do
they're gonna have to rebound tonight by
committee you can't just leave it up to
harm you just can't leave it up to
wheeler everybody has to get in there
and box up mama de ikita has a quick six
inside to harms cutting is no gently
stir denied by the Akita it's got the
pack
God pushes it time to run quick three is
up I thought you said they played slow
VFL there there there okay is this baby
there person that they like it when you
have scores you can definitely switch
again crash there
on the floor for the firm
are they able to hit the three horns
taps it right to Clark I think both
coaches feel like they can play at any
pace Virginia would like to slow the
pace they planned the slowest pace in
the analytic world in college basketball
but they're more comfortable with their
new styles of offense
flying at a quicker pace and certainly
Purdue is comfortable going fast and
high scoring games and low scoring
Affairs as much work misses badly
that's how you change the comfort zone a
Virginia you make them play down it's
easy to play slow and methodical with
your uh ball game to win you down that's
when God start to press it a little bit
and come a little out of character and
for Purdue that's what you want to try
to force the salt up not many teams have
done it to Virginia
[Applause]
fine and Edwards the two deadly
three-point shooters for producing
Easter's left from there shot clock down
to four climb he
here in this guy but I am flying he's
hit a pair already
that hits BA
look like his shot always
but that hitch to the head takes it back
another level when the shot-blocker
can't get there he can just kind of
swing it up over there
unorthodox up but tell you what it's
beautiful when he goes in the mechanics
of a fly-fishermen his coach says but it
works inside the Andre puncher strong to
the basket he's on the wooden watch list
he's a first-team all-acc performer this
year injured in the tournament last year
was hurt had a wrist injury and that
dramatic upset the 16 over the 1 UMBC
over Virginia the Cavs have been able to
erase that when this sees now thought to
get an idea Keating he is
place recovery how did he get back in
the plane we talked about the best
defense in the countries because of the
pressure of the guards and the passing
lanes and then the big fellas inside the
Akita his second block
tied to Rome to hunter for three let it
slide and clears it away
you can still take bad shots in a slow
methodical pace smoke that still was a
bad shot that team which they probably
would have had that position back
hundred he could knock it down but just
seemed like that was a rush play for
Virginia
[Applause]
come around the corner guy is autumn
- gotta get one up wheeler does
they popped the whistle to take a look
it was close
climb the unorthodox shot look at the
hitch look at the cock back banging
knock down in here let's see if it was
on time he gets it out of his hands I
think so but I'm not sure I'll tell you
what that's patience in an office if
it's a great defense like Virginia say
these freshmen for Purdue clearly behind
the line did he get it off in time is
the question remember normally in the
rule book you would go by the sound of
the horn there is no chance of this it
is the zero on the clock a bump the
backboard so it hits zero can it be
closer than that on hand we're going
into the coaching toggle right now looks
like his hand is still on it if that's
the last frame well here's what's
important now it was scored as good it
was scored on the court as off in time
is there enough evidence to overturn
here is the major question and they do
they wave it off shot clock violation
[Applause]
have some good teamwork right there by
the officials way to get together let's
bring in jean stare at or what you see
there Jean see web I couldn't agree with
you more it's a great job by the
officials and let's remember because
this shot was successful that's what
allows the officials to go look it up
potential shot clock violation if it
were unsuccessful they couldn't go one
way or the other but because it goes in
they look after looking at the replay
it's just on his fingertips and they do
the correct thing and take that shot
away great summary of their Jean
appreciate Jean being for this all March
Madness he's been outstanding giving you
a great perspective he'll be with you
throughout the final four in the
championship game so it is a shot clock
violation and opportunity the block guy
sneaks it but can't score between
bring in salt for Virginia got a little
more muscle inside and pape also bring
in will you're just going to be a lot of
banging down there in the paint for
those two big guys trying to hold it
down for the team Jack saw the redshirt
senior now in its fifth year in the
program against the freshman traviata'
million to go on a skill offensively
comes up short we learn that captain
hunter the freshman
dude get in Virginia a little bit of
their own medicine on the boards right
now
Virginia with two offensive rebounds one
for the do with that big one turned it
to a three-pointer
the freshmen for Purdue have been
nothing short of tremendous in this
tournament he gets lying in his words on
the floor with him
pushing it time now he'll get it back to
Eric hunter Junior
Hunter Williams wheeler to give his Matt
painter some great minutes there's a
foul Edwards was hit on the forearm free
throws when we come back
[Applause]
Perdue by five in a reminder you can get
complete coverage of the NCAA Division
one women's tournament on ncaa.com
and let's take a look at the Progressive
Insurance first half game summary purdue
already at it again 45 may threes in
this tournament through three plus games
they've hit 5 of 7
Virginia is Oak before it was Kyle guy
who hit a long 2 for the Hoos
and now Carson Edwards at the free-throw
line
Chris he is averaged over 10 free-throw
attempts per game in the city CAA
tournament 32 free-throw attempts that
was number 33 that was 26 for 33 yeah
and gets to the Rocky what you love
about that BA he doesn't settle this
shows that he gives you a little bit of
everything in his bag and you've seen
Kline knocking down about this kleiner
net was became the fourth pair of
teammates in NCAA history that each have
25 points and 5 made 3 so I think we
should expect a lot more from both of
them as the game goes on nobody in the
big 10 has ever made more threes in a
season than Carson Ed works as he hits a
couple of free throws in two free throws
to tie the game and force overtime
against Tennessee
seven point per doodly Virginia and
Braxton key airball hunter
deandre hunter had the rebound Eric
hunter stole it away from them
gives up that traffic it is whoops I
mean come on look at the play of Hunter
junior first of all on the other man he
gets to strip and write on this in he
doesn't reach which is the bane of
existence for all coaches reaching in
the back court he stand he just stands
there there was a little stunt the
turnover for the carry mama de ikita
back in Roxton key will set mojo Eastern
returns for Purdue extend first team
all-defensive team no gel Eastern he's
usually the one that gets the offense
initiated and it usually finds the hands
of Carson Edwards highest usage in
college basketball this year Edwards
[Music]
Perdue setting some great flare screens
his wheeler
arriving at just the right time the
questioning
makers
you want to see who Virginia is we know
that stats we know that they play the
slowest in the country how do you
continue when you have a team that
scored to do right now for at 11:01 turn
Virginia get it back heels get to stroke
the Akita up there
and in his salt who gives it to God
[Applause]
that was smart
I could feel Edwards on his back and
draws the foul he'll shoot three
[Applause]
now cook is introducing new
orange-vanilla coat three delicious
flavors coming together for the first
time you'll love
Brian Anderson Chris Webber Allen the
force
directing
to number one seeds already eliminated
clearly behind the line with the contact
so two more free throws poor guy
yeah I hear you on him filming the
defense behind but I there's not too
many players in the country that have a
green light like God so whether he was
filling the presents or not he's gonna
let it fly cuz he knows he can knock it
down so
confident shoes guy shoots little over
seven threes a game on average he is a
career 43% three-point shooter so they
agreed his neon
really struggled shooting two three in
his NCAA tournament career at one point
it missed 17 in a row until he banged a
couple in the second half against Oregon
watched the slip for the bit meet inside
to sit in the streets
Wheeler's talked about the feel of it
that comes up short and big Jack saw the
New Zealand to rip sit down to the
rebound like to see Virginia be a little
more patient in their office I don't
like some of the shots they've been
getting and when their deliberate taking
their time is so hard to stop
[Applause]
the Akita working on wheeler shot flake
and gets the pretty room mamma dee dee
acute a got off to a great start with
eight points
that's the patience that she want he
took his time in the dribble who saw
shooters kind of getting their space in
a couple of pics may they have to get
back to me in patient Virginia
basketball
here's networks
parson Edwards Allred
Florida's shots from behind the arc
and the whistle no jelly Stern
trying to hook the Andre hunter will be
called to the foul Wow the lead a what a
matchup Conference champions in the
regular season battling for a trip to
the Final Four
this is just my hair how do I look
I look good it's everything people from
here don't really get it might be
European thing I really like it a lot of
people don't I hit the guy with the hair
people say Ivan Drago people say
Morrissey you like I won't do this
anymore I see people hate it when I
touch it Ivan Drago it gets a lot of
attention to everybody the bad from
Amsterdam Matt harms seven foot three
inch sophomore at his game just
continues to evolve at eleven and six
against Tennessee in the sweet 16
matchup
Ali has more on the harms hair what do
you have Ali love talking to Matt about
this because he gets really animated
he's like what do you want me to do I
have cool hair I mean he touches it so
much but he goes it gets in my face
that's what I have to do so coach
painter said if you get twenty boards in
a game you can wear a headband
[Music]
[Applause]
so Virginia's gone down they scored a
couple of basket baskets in the last two
possessions after a five-minute
right without a basket and it's 25 to 19
Virginia's a very difficult team to run
away from they only lost three games all
year folks 2 episode conference play is
Edward's misses just a second miss
barson Edwards is three for five from
behind the arc already with 11 points
Clyde is hit two threes he hey Clark
back on the floor Edwards checks him
Jerome gives him right back
Sasha Stefanovic on to Rome first
minutes for Stefanovic and I trip rips
down the board
plus four it's tough shots great play
right there defensively but if you're
Purdue you want to make sure you stay in
the passing lanes and offensive you
execute because you have Virginia right
now kind of reeling on their heels not
clean but the covers only usually have
Edwards have fall knocked out of his
hands so no travel now
he thought it was a clean Peck
but to roll who
is a premium defender in his own right
got him across the chest this is what I
mean about Virginia they're really not
known for filing and so already the
course the game has just started but if
you are a boilermaker you're saying we
were kind of sticking to the game plan
not allowing them to just play teams to
play us like they do other teams just
the second Virginia fouled by Kurt's
gonna pull a three
that's last touch my guy that was
and his hair that kept that one alive I
think he got some product in there or no
cause he has to wipe this hair all the
time but as we see it this is why you
stay in the plane this is why you'd
never give up on the play because it's
not about you getting the rebound this
is about you hopefully forcing that ball
also off of another man's hands if you
don't have position Carson AdWords will
set he played the entire game 45 minutes
against Tennessee matter of fact he's
played at Isabella foul he hey Clark
fouls stefanov it's that Carson Edwards
hasn't played all the 38 seconds during
this year's NCAA tournament clear foul
Clark will head to the bench he hey
Clark picks up his second foul the third
team foul there's only been six fouls
thus far with six and a half to go in
this first half the old Clark can let it
fly other night
courts tend to take the shots he knocked
em down Purdue was decided to do it
differently
trapping judiciously but really getting
back forcing long shots packing the pain
the offense come from without Edwards on
the floor and arms turns it over
those are the possessions you cannot
give up to a Virginia team you must get
a shot off against the defense or really
your shot selection is your defense
because now you allow it to be a
four-point swing if Virginia could
commit Virginia cut it off there's a
nine ACC title they won the regular
season shared it with North Carolina
that'd be much Lorna stay to the ACC
tournament to rob the low flow
it comes climb for new wants to push and
Virginia gets back and here's climb it
doesn't matter that's a quick three
harms and it's going to stay in the
possession of Perdue once again harms I
think beau barosky saw it differently
and the officials come together
in the hands of Tony Bennett's calves
[Applause]
look like the resolve of Virginia there
it seems like they may have had the call
right first the bangbang plays that's
what he want to make sure you gang
rebound so but you don't allow the
official to make a call because she's
secured the border
cursive Edwards back on the floor he got
a full 45 seconds rest that's enough do
Pesci that was more time often he'd had
the entire tournament leading us to this
game he has been a workhorse shot clock
down to none Virginia very comfortable
in the league clock scenario Jax saw
with the left hands there's a guy who
could be a key in this game Jack saw
the charts for Purdue huh 40 141
here's climbed another one is self last
touched - Virginia Vaughn
and guy will send say if here headed to
Minneapolis download the final four app
presented by AT&T; to help you plan and
joy and share all the excitement of the
weekend available for iOS and Android
Euan seed losing yesterday Gonzaga taken
down by Texas Tech to number one seeds
are out Virginia and Duke
[Applause]
here's to Rome tied to us with a big
all the sudden Virginia's within a point
see of Virginia getting back to Virginia
basketball playing with their identity
when they just worry about playing
Virginia ball
the events
back on the floor his head works now
cuts it Edwards little bit range it's
good that's good I mean he split the
ball while he was catching it it wasn't
off the dribble his quickness is amazing
it he continually reminds me man of a
young Derrick Rose at Memphis how strong
huh how strong and just his leverage
getting to the bump stops of eight Oh
Virginia run and the odd dream hunter
answers with a little mid-range of his
own under second made field goal
diandra hunter averaging 15.2 points per
game in the regular season he led
Virginia scoring Edwards cocaine
college basketball's version of Stefan
curry right now
unconscious from the
man three
for three No
and a pat tapped by Jerome right into
the hands of guy spins taken off Mars
disrupted the shot ball is loose
it is putter
what a flirt look at this catch I mean
he scored 10 of the last 13 points from
the do on that submit he's hot he knows
trying to get a team to the final four
[Music]
[Music]
coverage of the NCAA Men's Basketball
Tournament is sponsored by State Farm
talked to an agent today at 1-800 State
Farm 18 t more for your fee that's our
thing
Capital One what's in your wallet aim by
Pizza Hut official pizza of March
Madness coming soon the TMT see why
critics rave that clause is one of the
best shows on television don't miss the
new season of claws on TNT not two and a
half hours from Mackey Arena one of the
loudest arenas in all a college
basketball at Carson Edwards chasm and a
frenzy here in this first half Chris
what more can you say about Carson
tippers
every way getting other guys involved
with the shots the difficulty on each
shot
he is hot as he is knocking him down it
just when you forget about him seems
like client catches it in Hawks more
doubtful deep is worth
five has six of those 14 by the rest of
the team here's climb now is it a couple
of threes now Edwards why not wheeler
comes away with it
hip-fire a 3-0 pulls down the board
Perdue is getting some looks from behind
the art there now 8 for 17 from
three-point range
17 3-point attempts already and the best
defensive team in the nation
protecting the 3-point arc the Virginia
Cavaliers
[Applause]
Gammage saw nothing there D a--quite a
4-3 miss badly
great defense by Williams that time
because he went down and doubled he
forced me to keep say to take the
tuckshop and that's what Purdue is doing
they are not led to she does she and guy
just went down and it looks like he hurt
his right foot or ankle in his team
doesn't see her and then finally the
whistle blows here gone down in a heap
[Applause]
so Tony Bennett sees his first team
all-acc performer and Kyle guy down the
winding in pain pops up quickly let's
see we can follow ya right there so it
gets tangled up there with Eric hunter
jr. and rolls the right ankle ethan's to
leave a long time athletic trainer for
the Virginia Cavaliers will do all he
can to try to ease the discomfort of
Kyle guy say the longer he sits it we're
just 209 from halftime that is going to
be a headline when we start the second
half
bottom right of your screen here oh yeah
stuff going to look like he made him
twisted and if you're Purdue you can't
fall asleep or be happy the guy is on
the side because Clark is hearing we saw
what Kihei can do he can score but right
now who stand up facilitator but such a
tough point guard always keeps his team
in the game
six one four six from the field open
three from three
under 2-minutes to go in a whistle and
see who this belongs to
Ryan Klein perhaps yep trying to get the
call guy already has the shoe off and
the athletic trainer
Ethan Saliba is currently in a rewrapped
trying to get him back on the floor as
fast as he can they don't even bother
going back to the locks DK missed the
dunk gets up and softness is but a foul
on Jimmy on Williams good action by the
Virginia bigs de ikita and salt defended
already getting more out of his bench
that he did in the sweet 16 game against
Oregon
hey a reminder coming up on AT&T; at the
half Greg Clark Killian Charles first
half analysis
show you how this became the first team
to punch its ticket to this year's final
four at AT&T; at the heaven will er that
has been the battery in this produced
back defensively that was a great block
by him while da ki tase dump that should
it be good wheeler with the great play
salt
my sister Purdue on
that just shows you how they've been
moving the ball around tonight not a lot
of one-on-one shots but they wanted
shots coming within the boffins assisted
by a teammate and his hunter of checks
Edwards now blocking foul on DeAndre
hunter at Tony Bennett is stopping man
[Applause]
arm across the shoulder bobber Oski
right there Tony Bennett told him you
cannot make that call definitely a tough
call right there here's that words on
the inbounds keeps it alive into the
hands of de ikita
three-point game Virginia down with the
ball
and it's very entertaining first half
what else what you wrote roaming the
base large screens being set for him
also salt inside the Akita
[Applause]
to dr. Clark with a time night on the
clock Jerome
Clark he'll pull a 3 gets its own clock
gives it up and the Akita to lay eggs
from Kia Clark don't go to a park right
there he grabbed the attention of
Harvard
of Purdue that his eyes too
he said sikes pulled me back it makes it
much chuckle 13:5 virginia run Purdue
had a ten-point lead
at 22 to 12 and a couple of Virginia
runs now hunter gives it up balls
popping but Virginia right with every
shooter five now to the hole
d a--quite a their climb no and it's
Tiki day with a board
clock is off
defensive stand
whose chance to take the lead as we go
to the halftime locker room
[Applause]
punter right with Jerome
canto jr. fouls tied to Rome with 1.2 on
the gay club look at Clark's eyes right
there
you made everyone think he was gonna go
for the shot then this play right here
the last two calls I don't necessarily
agree with them a little physical but
that's what you want to be denying but
you do the right thing you attack when
it's too much pressure with the referee
in a tough position hopefully you get
the call to go in office
AT&T; takes us above the rim one of the
best plays of the night mama Dee Dee a
keychain with the SWAT a couple of
blocks already all right Chris so that
was a foul on hunter Iowa a rather
Purdue I beg your pardon had a foul to
give till to be side out for Virginia
we'll see what the setup comes in that
block did you talk about the forced
talked earlier about that pack zone and
he was in that pack zone coming over to
helping Virginia's been doing a great
job of that that's how they've gotten
back into the game patience on offense
getting back into their defensive
principles namely the pack zone and
right now you have to watch out for the
guy with the hops out there that's
number 30 huh he can go to the hole hope
hope for
and watch the guy kicking for the shop
now guy back on the floor reach a
banquet his deity cake and that will
take us to the end of the first half
my boy Carson Edward goes 416 form a
threes in the first half he had a couple
of free throws as well and matched
Anders Boilermakers up a points as we
hit the half and let's send it to out in
the four shoots with the Big Ten Coach
of the Year do you put your team in a
position to knock down all of those
threes in that first half yeah well I
thought we had some good threes that we
missed too so it's hard to get a good
look against them so whether it's early
in the shot clock or late in the shot
clock you got to take your rhythm shots
for most of that half Virginia had to
settle for contested jumpers how do you
keep them uncomfortable on offense well
I think first of all you got to be able
to contain the treble when they broke us
down there that came off some curls got
into the middle of the lane we got to do
a better job of staying with them but
more importantly got to stay with those
shooters Thank You pence all right
thanks Perdue led by 18 in the sweet 16
game against Tennessee had to go to
overtime to win it they were up 10
tonight up a point as we go to the half
AT&T; at the half after these messages
[Music]
you
this is AT&T; at the half
AT&T; giving you more for your March
Madness thing first 20 minutes gone by
in Louisville
Purdue trying to make a Big Ten entry
into the Final Four
and Virginia the number one seed
standing in their way welcome back
everyone 32:29 Boilermakers in the lead
here in New York with AT&T; at the half
I'm Greg Gumbel along with Clark Kenny
and Charles not a lot to choose from
between these two teams over the first
20 minutes although Purdue frittered
away a ten-point lead they did actually
it was kind of a crock-pot comeback by
Virginia you slaughter pot crock-pot
just similar similar yeah was it wasn't
a fast cook they just kind of milked
their way and they did it by getting
inside
Mamadou mom mama D be a key take getting
it done he had ten points to lead the
Cavaliers in that first half here's
DeAndre hunter he had four but again
points in the paint 14 to two in favor
of Virginia second-chance points plus
four that overcame the eight threes that
Purdue was able to make in that first or
do got to start to the game that they
wanted got the start to the game you
know and I watch it cause a net was over
like I said over the summer and into
this season right now sighs would one
thing I would try on him quickness in
size but when you put somebody who has
the agility or the same size them I
think he's just a better basketball
player because it's like shooting over a
chair and for him in the first half
that's what I was looking at in Kenney
vision I think overall just the the
ability to just come off this screen and
I don't care how great a player mr.
Clark is he's not big enough to defend
this and the same way here when even
when he cuts it out here because the net
which gets it he can size them up and I
could see the rim bucket and then this
last plate is just my main man Aaron
will adjust because I known him since he
was like three years old two years old
so I just had to get him in the
highlights because he had his three his
dad and I played against each other in
high school and I'm so proud of Aaron
and they're like shooting over a chair
shooting over a chair that s was the
phrase we use quite often a parent in
basketball circles you know I say before
the game
Carson had to get 30 he's on pace for 30
to me he's the only player on that team
no disrespect to mr. Klein who had a
fantastic last game as good as
defensively Virginia is I don't think
per Duke and scored enough less cars and
goes crazy for 30 but Virginia played
very well my guy cow guy he is 1 for 6
Oh for 3 he played he's been in a slump
pretty much the whole term in fairness
mm-hmm but I think if I'm Virginia I
feel pretty good they made eight for the
1930s I don't think they can
consistently shoot that in the second
half
I still like Virginia all right right
now it's a one-point game 32:29 one team
already has a seat in minneapolis West
Regional final Texas Tech and Gonzaga
Davide Moretti
he was so clutch down the stretch that
was a big one there basically put the
comfort zone on it for Texas Tech great
block here but you see there tarik Owens
was out of bounds when he retrieved that
ball that should have been Gonzaga ball
that is not a reviewable play so we
played on the diggeth distillery I had
got the pilfer and then Josh Perkins
stepped into a three but a good look for
kis perk and at the end of the day made
free throws down the stretch here's a
reach-in over the base line that is
deemed a technical foul that was called
which allowed Texas Tech to select their
shooter it was Moretti he calmly knocked
down a pair of free throws that also led
to ball possession being retained by
Texas Tech there and you see the
emotional contrast between the Raiders
and the zags there one on to the final
four and a great season comes to an end
for the Gonzaga Bulldogs kenny chuck i
thought the red raiders showed a lot of
character against a very good Gonzaga
team oh you know what they showed great
defense slowed down great offense just
enough mm-hm
you know it's always that contrast yet
the best offensive team against the best
offensive team and we said could Texas
Tech scored enough points and bring them
back down to the pack it was a perfect
scenario they made every play down the
stretch but today great defense
beat great offense it's funny because
I've watched three in the entirety of
Gonzaga's losses I've seen three in the
entirety and each one were different
each key was different so Texas Tech the
way they play did not play the same way
when North Carolina beat them so I'm not
really sure what style will get them but
today I thought that length
I thought the athleticism on key moments
was the difference but every loss that
I've seen any entirety they lost
different ways
Texas Tech won at seventy five sixty
nine Gonzaga on their way home
Texas Tech on their way to Minneapolis
will take timeout here back with more on
AT&T; at the half
[Music]
oh boy the Big Dance
best day the Auriga little why not spine
what a moment in March and let the
madness continued as the road of the
Final Four continues on to Minneapolis
our journey here on TBS ends tonight
we've certainly had a blast along the
way ah yes that day is here welcome to
the road to the Final Four
Kenny's found something new to do drive
I don't think push-ups fair why they're
easier for smaller guys thank you
they're easier for people who are in
shape our Kenny Smith aka dr. Viktor
Frankl
that have you said something crazy like
that again I'm gonna come across his
desk oh you play a little March Madness
geography we talked about the Liberty
flames what's there another nickname and
I got the Virginia Cavaliers if I'm
national champion asserting because I
also have Virginia winning and we beat
Kansas and North Carolina playing slowly
driving miss daisy'
a dish next time I love that that's one
of the beauty of living you said you
didn't fit and we ensure with the life
[Laughter]
[Music]
Granny Smith apple you smell food are
you just taking up one word
[Music]
well we're asking about our favorite
moments of the tournament I'm gonna tell
the folks what yours is
go ahead I do have I do like Bruce
pearls enthusiasm on the court and in
our interview the guy is just it's
contagious
he he makes you want to play he's a
great coach as far as X and all but his
enthusiasm Tom Izzo those two the
coaches who team takes their personality
your your favorite tournament moment up
tonight Oh get out of the fog for two
days there's my old business card from
way back when I woke up what do you got
opening night I mean obviously the
graphic room mess with those guys with
the push-ups that's fun but the opening
night when you have the gamut of
everybody opening up and everyone with
the expectation that they could be
Cinderella or they could be the King CK
that's it my man's Charles Barkley
seeing his alma mater my favorites Baker
Clark anyway I love all the push-ups in
there and then you come in here with
[Music]
[Laughter]
got it coming up with the tricky hapless
on the line let's send it over to our
special contributor Phil who has
predictions for the rest of the game hey
guys I'm here with instra Damas the game
predicting octopus he's gonna tell us
who's gonna win team one or team - come
on buddy who's it gonna be
team one or team two Wow I got the one
octopus who doesn't watch sports you
know I almost had your friend at
Cuccinelli's the other night but instead
I had the gnocchi AT&T; would like to
remind you that just okay is not okay
whether it's Phil's game analysis or
wireless networks thanks for watching
AT&T; at the half
coverage of the NCAA men's basketball
tournament is sponsored by Samsung meet
the next generation Galaxy S Tag IBM
let's put smart to work
[Music]
apex legends play now rated T for teen
and by Buick proud partner of the NCAA
just about ready for the second half as
you take a look at the lows first-half
stats Perdue come up firing from
three-point range but got cold quickly
Virginia climbing out of a ten-point
hole within a point Virginia head coach
Tony Bennett moments ago with Allie
LaForce coach we saw a guy into the
ankle before the half how limited if at
all will he be in a second he's okay
he's warming up there right now so we'll
get a quick feel Perdue did most of the
damage in the first 12 minutes you did
yours in the last day what was the
difference I mean they hit some tough
shots we just got to keep trying to
bother those shootings shooters we'll
start with some length with dray on
Edwards and then when they do miss we
got a limit them to one shot and get the
rebounds and then run our offense hard
Thank You coach it's good Intel there
from Tony Bennett so they start with
some length on Carson Edwards in DeAndre
hunter it was the bigs and the bench for
Virginia that helps them climb back out
of it here the big
and fourteen pain points they gives you
extra possession you see the three
switch stage the dynamics once they got
going inside Purdue only two points in
the paint are you kidding me but if
you're going to be two for 12 from
three-point land like Virginia you got a
dominate inside teams in the big ten
this year against Purdue when you tried
to slow down Carson Edwards you put size
on them the andre hunter at six seven
will try to cool off the hottest shooter
in the NCAA tournament in carson edwards
guy is on the floor to start the second
half he puts it in to Jerome and away we
go half number two a trip to the Final
Four
up for grabs would be the first Final
Four appearance for either of these
programs for the first time since the
80s 1984 for Virginia 1984 Purdue
to roll up with salt nothing there
here's guy gets up the first shot and
gets a three and a good sign for
Cavaliers fans that is their first lead
they trailed by 10 with nine minutes
left in the first half
doing their job knocking down the three
they were only two for 12 that was a big
we're not let's say if we do you can get
the ball inside the average 29 points
per game of the paint tonight
Jerome you got salt and deep heating on
the floor together Virginia got just 12
minutes out of their bench in their
sweet 16 victory over Oregon that's it
12 minutes salt played 12 minutes off
the bench in the first half and he
starts his second half his Jerome little
floater back iron at harms is fouled by
Jerome
[Applause]
ties her own picks up his second foul
though there's the man who sits with the
size on the floor key hey Clark the
smallest player on the floor typically
maybe the moon and maybe the scrap
because he has a lot of heart out there
but right now Virginia choosing to go at
size but you can bet your last dollar
Clark is gonna finish this game fly when
we step back salt is on inside the heart
say bye ether as he crashes into the
photographers
great effort by no jelly Stern stay in
the possession of Perdue there's nine on
the shot clock
we've seen there under the rim play
calling before you have to watch for a
screen I further every usually back
screens for harm we'll have an open lane
or whoever back screens may have a wide
open shot because the defense has to
guard
his Edwards Watson lost the handle steel
to DeAndre hunter
how the size effect Carson Edwards do
you think he could just blow by guys
yeah and actually he can but on that
time he lost his dribble with size
always felt especially when you gotta
got penetrated here's guy but again it
is two for two in the second half went
down with an ankle injury in the first
half came back to the last possession
and now is buried a couple of trays
great start for Virginia
Edwards with hunter autumn TM keychain
with the rebound
so far the move by Tony Bennett has paid
off it
to the second half yeah Purdue's gonna
have to play tough Big Ten basketball
because they're gonna have to shore up
the inside both with rebounding and
getting a couple of scores his side
climb he gains the foul right there but
God it hasn't been the most consistent
but it doesn't matter he's here now and
he's two for two in the second half from
beyond the arc he had been one for six
when he went down with the ankle injury
and so Purdue ball after the foul
two turnovers for the Hoos here in this
second half
Purdue's started this game seven for 10
from behind the arc they
they're lost ten songs doing a good job
in their own horn they can't get the
ball into his dojo eastern spring spring
gets my Jerome who's sitting that with
two fouls and an easy deuce for no
jellies tourney this was made from
Purdue get points in the paint there's
only their fourth point this second
bucket in the paint
all night long because Virginia has been
dominated inside by the way it's the
first points by a Purdue player other
than Carson Edwards since the 9:46 mark
of the first half that one is going to
go to Rome a chance at a three-point
play so silky smooth with the basketball
and that quick little floater he has
this is the patience at Virginia who
take your time no forcing a shot they
really didn't have assistant buckets in
the first half now though eight assists
on 15 field goals
that's Virginia's way to play they're
not one-on-one guys their system and
team oriented they need to get back to
their identity if they want to dominate
women's game Virginia
one matchup against gardner-webb a 16
seed remember they were down 14 in the
first half having to answer all those
questions about losing
you NBC the sixteenth seed last year
first time it ever happened in NCAA
tournament
to come back
irony of the first half here tonight
butter on Edwards shop pocket nine
Edwards trying to shake him
turn
[Applause]
do not settle for a three-point shot
Hunter has about a four inch five six
inch advantage over you therefore he's
gonna make it difficult for your jump
shots right now it's about getting into
the paint getting fouls over there big
guy trying to as a guard you can wear
down the big guys as well who filed
trouble and making them tentative not
one to block the shot trying to avoid
the five second foul on DeAndre hunter
here's the lefty arms saw two pulls down
the rebound
I think Virginia's a-okay with Horace
shooting threes only took 21 three-point
attempts the entire season seems like
maybe trade me on wings needs to come
back out here right now
I for trying to guard the Akita inside
nothing he can't garner but you still
gotta get offensive rebounds box out
just a lot of work for the guy the Akita
with eyford Auto patient and the Akita
know and it's harms balls on the floor
he comes Easter
to Eastern and cross over the lack
response
generally sir one of the premier
defenders of the big ten turns defense
into offense this is what he did the
other night Thursday night
the pace for Purdue because when he gets
to steal he's going all the way he's not
trying to slow it down
and set it up
Gayathri
Kyle guy three for three in the second
13 on the board for Kyle guy first-team
all-acc Sean tickets hard
going at it the basket with the left
hand again I mean basketball is all
about repeating the same things that's
what those coaches are doing over there
trust me and for Purdue get it inside
mom's going to work get the easy bucket
off the jump ball there's Terrell on the
take gives it up nice catch the Akita up
foul
and free throws coming for Mama didi
a--quite a
[Applause]
geli sir
the pocket got to steal the scoop for
the lamp what a setup by Jerome and Kyle
guy just in the nick of time has found
his stroke
[Music]
[Applause]
he is right about that my client father
of Ryan's so it's like Mickey there as
well mother of Ryan Clyde and what a
performance he had in that sweet 16 game
against Tennessee 27 points in 29
minutes it was a career-high for him so
Carson Edwards commits the foul his
third foul
that puts de ikita at the
four to 69% free-throw shooter first one
is true hey who delivered the Buick
expectation shattering performance of
the day tune in to inside March Madness
presented by Buick to find out
Hunter for Virginia only two four four
four points books what he's been doing
in this game with his one steal and
pound event mean just hounding that word
he's having a defensive masterpiece
tonight in the second half so far
Virginia was down 10 in the first half
in 2212 Eastern gets it back on the top
winner won't miss the dump but he's
found man was he up there think coach
wants them to get the ball in the paint
and that was two plays first the post up
and then cut and go to the paint and
this is the type of activity you need I
know that 52% of your points if you per
Duke comes off of the three-point shot
but but it still so unbalanced tonight
you have to make sure you keep the
defense of Virginia on their toes thumbs
up empty on his first try don't forget
you can watch every game live on your
phone tablet computer and favorite
streaming device with March Madness live
right now ncaa.com / March Madness or
download the app today the freshman from
Stanford Connecticut Aaron wheeler
one out of two at the line Virginia went
from down 10 to up 7 after guy hit that
three it was produced largest deficit of
the tournament thus far Purdue beating
Old Dominion in round one took down
Villanova in a 16 point win in the
second round and then over Tennessee in
the sweet 16 as a cut back by DeAndre
Fletcher
and the Hoos are up eight under 14
minutes left in regulation and the
lineup change has worked for Tony
Bennett as they've gone big against the
Boilermakers the Sanford ooh right now
whose hecklers off the ball or in the
pick-and-roll to give him a little
action he has to get going
[Applause]
his first make of the second half he's
got five
the person Edwards
Tyrone for three and a guitar
[Applause]
the defensive mistake by Edwards he
tried to shoot the gap he looks at
coaches says sorry about that but he
never shoot the gap on the shooter when
you have two screens coming he gave back
to three he just knocked that head where
it's a loan
[Applause]
nothing but net back-to-back possessions
for the bed tens top scorer that she
five point Virginia Lee
salt doesn't look for his shot often
Jerome runs into the double-team can
help by that time one the baseline
getting the Bishop of Girona hunter no
harms in salt back tap to guy new shot
clock heads Rome calling for guy says I
have this under control
all he needed was a fresh 8 : he's been
hot to start this half
dear keychain with wheeler on the icky
taste no soul the pakka
great effort by song didn't have to go
over and try to block the shot when I
went over to double-team on the shop he
released his men saw just to come in
when you have your teammate having it
off it's a good position to rock with a
lot Schiphol behind the tree
this is a threat to German or not get
down to Perry
twenty-five threes in this tournament
that is a record for the first four
games at NCAA tournament history guy to
the answer
[Applause]
the shots our fallenness Kyle guy
delivers time out Wow back and forth
they go Edwards first team all-big ten
Kyle guys first team all-acc seven-point
Virginia leads
[Music]
tracy morgan tiffany has their back in
the TV s original series the last og
watch a special presentation tonight
after NCAA tournament coverage take a
look at the Buicks second half game
summary it has been a flurry of threes
Carson Edwards and Kyle guy I got to
give it to Kyle guy he started this
tournament in the second half he had
gone 3 for 29 from behind the arc 3
makes 26 misses but he's in all four
threes in the second half sugar shoot
right yes right shooters shooting not
offensive rebounds for 11 points for
Virginia they gotta get some work inside
Williams he had the nice jump hook over
the left shoulder traviata' williams
working on side gets the battle to go
right to him this is the man you were
calling for
that last window yeah you got to take
some pressure off a knife or humans
checking detainees about five inches
taller let the big boys raytheon go to
work inside get some pain points that
you could do his guy once again
Williams with the rebound that's guys
first miss
five and second half Eric hunter junior
will initiate the offense
Edwards playing with three fouls trying
to get my hunter cannot step back it's
all fallen out for Carson Edwards he's
got 27
keep punching away from the basket in
her to size and athletic ability you
need him at the basket but right now
he's trying to
skirts Carson Atmos from going to the
hole he's not working zero that was
deflected by Williams though over him
back
Perdue got a hand on it shot clock at
five
Hunter on Jareau behind the back to Rome
[Applause]
look at the shoulder shake getting to
respond
and the left shoulder Williams trying to
get some pain points and Edwards he's
going to use his speed mad 447 for
trouble with the three-point line 27
points for Evelyn
[Music]
time for the double take replay
presented by orange vanilla coke embassy
climate combine to make 240
this year that's the second most
all-time by a major conference do on the
past 20 years one of the number one is
Shane Battier and Jay will shout out but
these young fellows then that d-flat
mountains now guy caught fire here in
the second half in his first four threes
now 4 for 5 from behind the arc in the
second half for guy
tied to Rome
a good chance to hear from Allie LaForce
what do you have Allie guys coach
Boehner has been so animated the last
couple Huddle's really asking for a lot
of his defenders telling Klein and
telling Edwards stay tight on their
shooters you've got to get through the
flare screens no matter how hard it is
and as you watch
even when Edwards makes the big three
cooked looks him in the eye and says now
defend he said we're gonna watch them
you're gonna see your hands in your
pocket is that quick-release alley that
works No
the hands of Williams what a play by
Kyle guy yeah next time Everest comes
off that curl he may want to go up for
the shot and faked like he's going to
shoot it and shoot it down to Williams
who's wide open because salt comes up
and he has to honor the shooting prowess
of Everest good stout from the Purdue
bench from Ali right there
Virginia's made seven threes up top
herself
[Applause]
the layer that is how you finish in
transition right there
you just rip to the hole
you just heard Ali the courts talk about
it coach Peter doesn't care he was
Edward and the got to get right on the
defensive in Kihei Clark back on the
floor three-pointer no good offensive
board he Akita and
there
this is what Purdue needs to do more
when hunter junior gets the ball he
attacks Purdue needs to get in the
passing lanes get some steals and
deflections to get some easy buckets
like this because tell you what Virginia
they don't beat themselves
[Applause]
Virginia with the ball the a--quite a to
the bench key hey Clark back on the
floor assault is the big man for the
Hoos and the terrible was it deflected I
don't know they saying it was deflected
now under two minutes you can take a
look at it
we're not there yet and Tony Padilla
yeah I don't know about the confidence
in that cuz he held both hands up like I
don't know after he made the call you
either have to go ask your teammate this
is a big game there's no time for
guessing don't hold your heads up and no
go ask your teammate and get the right
call
maybe wheeler got a hand on here's your
own no back iron into the Clark Oh
another chance here for Virginia Jerome
sets up guy that's his flop in the
corner and got a beautiful set up by Ty
Jerome
that pass
right in the pocket here's that words
for the answer looks of his conscience
says my bad coach
I miss my defensive assignment heart is
back
at the scores table about the check in
to help sure inside the paint the Andre
hugs you with wheeler on him on the
attack he'll turn around jumper no
assault back
offensive rebounds you stack it out for
Virginia that's because Williams went
over again the bigs of Purdue need to
stop going over when they have the
deepest shored up in the paint because
they're letting me at Reebok guy for
three
Millions with the board
[Applause]
Edwards Hall deep three that was our
only shot
[Applause]
so if you per dude he's got 30 points
Oh God
it's his fit three in the second half
retake vehicle it's got the old coach
spitting mad Jean Katie want more NCAA
tournament info hey Siri show me the
Elite Eight schedule high-level
basketball we are witnessing here in
Louisville tonight the South Region
final and Chris from Virginia the
decision to go big or small jack salt
back in the game for the Hoos who saw it
has done a great job 14 second chance
points for Virginia he got hunter one of
your tallest players hounding Edwards on
the other end to have too deep a key
take and also big salt to hold it down
in the paint the tape
just show pressure by
70 remaining in regulation what a game
this has been top guy Carson Edwards
have just gone off here in the second
half Edwards has 30 Kyle guy has 19
tonight
deandre hunters gives it up
salt Chevy I'm Williams autumn
left-handers jump hook no and Williams
with the rebound and a foul on Virginia
beyond eh-eh-eh
that's number two on mama de ikita the
good defense right there harm going in
and yeah over the top he's climbing that
shoulder and that's why you've worn it
harm back in the game the big fella
let's see if wood is complete little
pressure again on something along with
climb
time and wind goes to work silky smooth
right there the freshman tranny on
Williams he's got a lot of tools in the
shed offensively
smack the floral defense you know what
that means his final four times maybe
he's telling his team we got seven
minutes to do this one-point game
Virginia in the lead
0 for 3 yes to roam extends the Virginia
Lee
19:3 em his fourth made three-pointer he
saw the mismatch Anita Williams couldn't
keep up with him gave her little
hesitation we've got his face and got
back in but Perdue let's see if you go
back to the world Williams his be given
his time
passes up a three back inside where's
the spit Paquita
well those three point numbers that just
popped up on the screen I mean it has
been electric here
Virginia's made seven threes per dude
looks contempt to try to pound the paint
right now with their star young freshmen
look look how many guys from Virginia
were packing the paint in there as you
see coach's dad in there all the
experience all the love but right now
his father dick you right now you still
want to continue to go to the web
[Applause]
was able to not that pass away and it's
a Purdue turnover
it is their fifth turnover
Virginia by four as we approach the
six-minute mark trip to the final four
to the winner
hunter rises up misses see the smile by
guy he says I usually don't get those
but that's what you think to do right
now dude
extra things attacking the Glens given
extra possession for - that was Carson
Edwards who let him in front Eric hunter
Everitt on the take now kicks it hunter
he'll take it the lefty fires never had
it in the grip and it's William to the
offensive board
[Applause]
you can go right back into Williams you
don't have to go away from him he's
being denied right now when Purdue needs
to stick to what works for them either
head Edwards climb or go inside Edwards
for three yes he's got nine threes
for Cartoon Network's
to roll and short hunter gets it to
ilium she's on the move
that was going to be a breakaway dunk
[Applause]
Jr was found to good foul by Virginian
Jerome really smart filing know how to
turn you want to give it up a little bit
earlier he had Williams going but again
the presence of Tralee on Williams
inside has been the difference in this
second half it hasn't just been harmed
on an island by himself trying to be the
anchor of the defense in the paint for
the offensive acre they seem to get back
in the picture wrong kidnappers son that
Edwards
or just
drivers in the game and he scores with
and per viewers within a
as Virginia have an answer no jellies
turn their best defender back on the
floor guarding Jerome
now guys step back long to know Williams
with the board Perdue can take the lead
on the attack Edwards short
doing it with the dhobi work that's
their six off
which you have
the gel eastland come in and Williams
they've added some physical play inside
and say wait a minute Virginia we know
you're great but you're not going to
just push us around in the pen
seven old Purdue run and hunters fouled
the shot was blocked the Audrey ons are
found on the floor Tony Bennett's
favorite line
it's contagious
[Applause]
in Louisville tonight
[Applause]
coverage of the NCAA Men's Basketball
Tournament is sponsored by booking.com
be a Booker Allstate are you in good
hands
[Music]
orange vanilla coke yeah you heard that
right a vine Shazam on April 5th just
say the word Shazam welcome back to
Louisville where we're witnessing
history we have a game going on caution
Edwards doing his thing you see that any
time you pass Steph Curry on the great
shooting bunny hill this is system epic
performance by him tonight and also
getting other guys involved ba this is
the type of play you want from your
leader well he's hit 27 threes ties the
overall record that's your guy Glen Rice
Michigan 1989 six games to do that or
that was a special year I'm a pet it was
here but this is like rocking this is
the fourth game for Perdue and he's
already 27 it's Virginia ball to have an
answer
basket by Kyle guide up and over seven
foot three inch mat harms that was
big-league right there from Kyle guide
sitting on 30
five the scoop comes up short here
and that's gonna put Purdue in the bonus
now one-on-one 321 remaining Purdue down
a point with Edwards a clutch free-throw
shooter at the line so smart by Edwards
he realized that hunter was not on him
anymore so he didn't have to use his
moves to get a step back
Clark is on him and yes Edwards has been
penetrated but he will get a treat a lot
more with Clark warning that he had the
size advantage
knocks down the first day 84 percent
free-throw shooter during the regular
year
[Applause]
Carson Edwards hit to money free throws
at the end of regulation in their sweet
16 matchup against Tennessee
after he was found on a three-point shot
he missed the first made the next two
and they forced overtime
ferries to and
[Applause]
sixteen to go in regulation
heeey hey Clark back on the floor
softened the Akita and Jerome 'it's a
whistle to wave it off this is as
impressive of a tournament as you can
have rewriting the record books Carson
Edwards 37 points down in this one
a three
this is suck we probably can track but I
know he has the record on distance in
threes you got to understand it's been
very rarely has a player had the green
light like this we mentioned curry the
buddy hill but that's true than which
equipped middle I'm not stupid way out
by the marker this guy he had to go on
Virginia joins Purdue in the bonus Matt
painter took over for his mentor Jean
Katie Jerome berries too and Virginia is
back on top the coach is here dick
Bennett father and Tony is here what a
finish we're set up for in the South
Region coming up next get all the
tournament highlights and analysis on
inside March Madness presented by Buick
it's only on TBS Texas Tech punts the
first ticket to the Final Four today
beating Gonzaga now Purdue and Virginia
coming right down to the finish line 309
remaining possession arrow will belong
to Purdue if there is a tie up Purdue
has three timeouts left
Virginia just one track to the steel
fleurs got your own this way and got
ghosts and it is partially blocked by
harms
Perdue gets the ball back of warning
disaster in transition
[Applause]
and there's cat again a steal for conga
Virginia defense Blindy we've tried to
be unselfish on that plane he looks over
to his conscience says coach my bad he
should have went to the jump hook and
stayed with what work look for Carson it
was on the next play to try to attack
luck mr. Rome is trying to attack the
Purdue defense he a key chain with the
offensive board
but another 30 on the shot clock that
take us under two minutes key hey Clark
and then relegated to the bench as Tony
Bennett has decided to go big often in
this game Dalton the Akita together on
the floor
the bigs would Perdue on staying too
long on the pick-and-roll harm must show
and get right back because they're
passed Lee to the big guy who just
simple hands up that's an offensive foul
oh no whistled Bob Ross he was ready to
blow the whistle
I thought he was going to call it he
didn't that was a blatant - hand push
off give me space on dissa file I do not
see how all three four officials missed
that call at the top of the key
it looked like he was ready to put the
air in it but he never dead 15 offensive
rebounds for Virginia
[Applause]
this is an eternity on this side of the
floor defensively for Purdue's Jerome
steady and it's topped by Eastern
partisan we're doing down the point
then at 23 lakhs with your Virginia get
to that pack line because Edwards is
coming and if you double-team look for
the ultimate time out Matt painter and
that painter gets off a shot for the
official saying that was a foul
couple of no cause here he didn't get
that me smack the backboard and here
this is a file anywhere catch a breath
you
that's a game reset Purdue has the ball
down a point two timeouts left Virginia
has one timeout remaining both teams in
the 1 and 1 in the bonus and on a held
ball possession arrow belongs to Purdue
watch that was attacking but Virginia
may double-team him the bigs have to be
ready to slip the pick-and-roll right
away and have their hands ready to catch
his Edwards for the leap
[Applause]
they're doing 10:32 as Edwards
you have to go to the bank anymore he
doesn't have to : that that's good but
now you have to lock down and watch the
guy who's room in the bench language
another one again trip to the final four
here's guy comes up short
did he step on the face side
the moon sometimes you have to be lucky
but when you tend to seventeen threes it
is good that was for 40 points but
Carson Edwards here
look at the effort Oh didn't not touch
the line no yes he did yeah at the end a
great job with the official who trapped
him baseline to follow that car like of
the good the great call and no review
either confident in the call they play
on Purdue of the basketball down to
watch for the slip in the pick-and-roll
corks Edwards wants it but he wants to
be smart he needs to let them get to the
big guy off the double team can be the
game right here here's Emmett's victory
[Applause]
former welcome
secures the biggest offensive rebound in
Purdue history isn't it only right i
furred has been fouling and battling and
look at his pops up there that's what
this is about it's not just about the
kids it's about the papers that drove
these kids the practices and encouraging
them the whole time - Dawley all night
long with on the other side gives the
biggest rebound of the game
Brian Klein
to make it a two-possession game
North Carolina number one seed
Sagat top seed lost
[Music]
[Applause]
down three o'clock all coaches tell me
Rhonda fuck he's telling Easter the
father which will send them to the line
for a woman
they're a painter great call by coach
painter but a better job by harm and
Eastern to look over to the coach and
see that on the side why you know guy
could knock down threes
you know Jerome can knock down threes
and a heavy bass you want to clip them
in the line but it doesn't matter to get
old box out stock or a key Cordia key
tank for the rest of the players trying
to go for the rebound on the septic
sound for me
Virginia has dominated the offensive
glass
but when they needed a defensive rebound
it was Grady eyford who secured it
two-point game
[Applause]
short mapped out the Akita
got a chance to live in here
[Applause]
[Music]
damn Kinte
squares in it
it'll look like he got off in 20 of time
the call on the floor
baskets Gordon
dat tape he stands the town he floated
up over the outstretched arms of home
this is what you have to love this is
what the tournament is about leave the
teams get to the Final Four since the
eggs
[Music]
this overtime made possible by buffalo
wild waves what a game
the mad scramble after the missed free
throw by Jerome and it was da Keaton who
ties it just can't get off in time run
down by Kia Clarkie and ta ki ta catch
bounce shoot Wow
[Applause]
that's why you have key hey Clark out on
the floor he delivered a half-court
no-look pass he looked to the sidelines
to make all the Purdue the finish think
that he was going to a plan behind the
three-point line flicks it to his big
fella those are the intangibles of your
leader and again what a big bucket bob
de ikita Purdue
The Tennessean overtime in the sweet 16
there
three at all this year
five minutes on the clock
seventy to seventy
two teams trying to make it to the final
four for the first time since the 80s
purdue controls
was a flurry that was the first field
goal of the half for Mama DD Akita
[Applause]
Edwards sitting on 40 points shop knock
cannot reject
not touch it last
[Applause]
we might have it looks like a good call
you don't look at it till it goes under
two minutes and regulates it in overtime
both these teams are playing their
hearts out right now
after Jerome Clarke finds him no jelly
stirred on him
Purdue's best defender
Edwards shot clock down to eight here's
guy for three short and it's AdWords
with the rebound
I wanted that shot you gotta love it if
you're Virginia fan the heart
but these guys have shown to get back in
the game and let's see if Purdue can go
back inside dohsa Edwards and try to get
the ball back in the pen Kline has been
very quiet tonight made a couple of
threes early as just seven
at the right-handed checkbook that
touches on pain perdu has the
that's his offhand what is going
space day he's skinny but he moved the
Vixen out the way good night soda girl
late clock again
[Applause]
splits it drama pile the window he
scores wanna fucking by tied to Rome
she was getting anywhere he wants to off
the dribble because he could shoot it so
well you have to guard him and he uses
that but you don't give him any space to
go right back inside the heart Omnitech
did now my dear kitten
[Applause]
Virginia poll
[Applause]
going inside look at him getting a
little space in there going up the nice
jump hook finishing stroke but on the
other hand sharone get him anywhere he
wants to for the flip shop and this is
pack line defense
this is dogs guys deep in there and the
great block shop that was a good call
he just lost the handle at the side of
the backboard reps are doing their
shopping over time I'll tell you that
make us some good luck coach tied at 72
242 remaining in the first overtime
yelling Trey hunter comes right by my
arms
that works on the attacked Eastern
passage
who's willing to take those big shots
coming down the wire here and of the
team climbs little fade away no sir
bow on Virginia free throws coming for
no jelly certain the help side defense I
bet you after this game kocha let him
wear a headband and play with his hair
all he wants to parts in there only the
paint heat and did he take tonight that
helped defenders they both have done a
great job
sure enough deepest his ocular teeth the
original call was on tied to Rome they
have changed it to DeAndre hunter that's
big would have been the forethought
Jerome but hunter gets the foul no jelly
circles at the line for two
[Applause]
Matt painter is going to bring on his
big men traviata' Williams Williams and
farms throughout the course of the year
were on the floor together often but
that has been the difference for Purdue
tonight Eastern together look too wide
lead no one out of two detail at the
board Virginia can take the lead here
we go under two minutes of this first
overtime
p-wave battle
even Muhammad Ali would be proud of this
one could Jerome
Hunter now with harms on him
shot clock the LJ's gotta go now gets my
horns is a foul no shot
foul on the floor
[Applause]
free throws for Hunter
Hunter attacking I mean hunter he has
done it all tonight harms did not like
the call he's working so hard 103 for
nine that does not tell the story five
to six as we have the one and one what
does tell the story was his first half
and second half because Saturday 90%
free-throw shooter
is the first one all tied at 73 now is
the freshman Aaron wheeler enters for
Eastern Matt painter going offense for
defense with Eastern going out you
losing a lot of muscle which is still
gaining that athletic ability with
wheeler do now will be on the wing you
see the big fella knock down the free
throw watch free throws for the andre
hunter
[Applause]
forcing the issue
let's draw - don't take the quick shot
little hat - Edward little mid-range the
icky take tapped America
for Virginia now the Hoos have the lead
minute 23 left in the first overtime
this is what I love
the team's leader he's settling down the
opposite team given in other guys hands
but you have to watch him he's so sneaky
booth this is when he usually shows up
with the big play that she wouldn't
expect great ball handlers on the floor
for Virginia
here is hunter only pass it up now on
the taken Edwards and it's off of Hunter
Edwards got a hand on it last touched by
hunter Perdue ball harm has been helping
everyone on the defensive end tonight
he got a little help from the guard
stick two handed off the knee
Purdue's ball
under a minute to go overtime number one
the foul trouble that exists
they got treyvion Williams with four and
the three Cavaliers with three and so
Tony Bennett and Matt painter boats have
employed different strategies here
tonight than we've seen from these two
teams throughout the course of the year
both going big with two of their big men
on the floor Williams and harms for
Purdue and in salt and D a key chain for
Virginia
[Music]
the official Rock groomer just came over
they're going to add point three to the
clock so it'll be one minute exactly and
Purdue at the basketball down a point
for Purdue this isn't the lineup that
got him back in the game - again past
the battle with the player that may be
bigger than him but hunter in the game
let's see a Purdue can get inside with
the deepest of Virginia this is what
they usually make a stable Edwards
picked up his dribble hits it right back
now Edwards on the take Edwards gets in
the lane
[Applause]
[Music]
to make a defensive stain
efforts pass the ball if you steal that
- watch out for - Roman guy begin the
rebound is a deity take and hunters
inside of the office support undergoes
to work on I for powers his way Dre
hunter and Virginia now in the lead shot
clock is off Matt painter with a timeout
Wow two stellar drives to the basket by
the two top scorers
Edwards now with 42 points and the Andre
hunter he's been quiet but two big ones
right there puts him in the double
digits if hunter had not been playing
deepest the way he has all night his
team would not be in this position
he was quiet offensively but he's been
the mainstay he had the icky tape for
the Virginia defense that was Virginia
who called that timeout they're down to
their last what a game I mean this is
something else for a trip to the Final
Four
talk us through a little strategy here
if you're the Boilermakers well
obviously you want a great shot you have
26 seconds on the clock Edwards you know
you wanted this in his hands he has
climbed but also look for the slip of
the big fella because they're gonna
double-team it and take it out of the
guards hands
[Applause]
Virginia with one timeout remaining
Perdue has two left again if there's a
held ball at possession arrow now
belongs to Virginia Carson Edwards with
42 points he went for 42 against
Villanova in the second round 10 made
threes if you're Virginia no reaching in
no silly fouls at dear Clark on Edwards
you know that Everest is going to attack
he trusts the second line of defense
this right now is when you can play the
perimeters and let your pack defense
that blue line that we talked about
before the game take place three-point
shooters all around Matt harms his
Edwards is on the triple with Clark
right with him the a--quite a there
game clock down to 11 to 10 Edwards step
back
Sir Ian something no good and they get
it it's a foul if they get the timeout
first or is the foul call that's big
because it could be free-throws it's not
[Music]
over genuine the lead and it is a foul
and two shots coming for Kyle guy I
would say that's a tough shot but he's
been knocking them down all night and
look at Virginia they haven't really
smallest guys on the court getting the
rebound doing it by committee puts him
up two boys clutch free throws almost
too much to take
[Applause]
three point Virginia lead is Kyle guy
delivers big free throws in the clutch
5.7 left Purdue
down three as Virginia uses their final
timeout
[Music]
I'll guy with 25 points rolled his ankle
late in the first half Virginia last
time they were in the final for 1984
been a long time for the Cavaliers as
great as they have been they were a 17
old and holidays Ricky Stokes they won
the East Regional ended up losing to
Houston in Seattle Tony Bennett 5.7
seconds away but Perdue with the ball
makes it in substitutions this is when
you can go straight off it's for defense
again and five Carson Edwards I do want
to take the shot but I have to
understand our maybe double team and I
need to talk to whoever sets the screen
for me telling them to slip this is how
we got to overtime
scurry after a missed free-throw ended
up in the hands of the akiti a chase
down by Kihei Clark a bullet pass and
the quick release by the junior from
Guinea and that tied it it looked like
Purdue had it in the grasp
they were up three they found Jerome and
somehow Virginia got it square here we
go right here watch the baseball pass to
a big guy or Carson that was on the
wrong Garcia that works looking at the
clock pass and it's turned over with
the remaining and now Virginia can put
this one away
for a game as brilliant as this it could
end on a turnover they're gonna take a
look at the clock here when Edwards has
to be sick he was looking for Kline and
that could be Purdue season that was a
tough play called they're expecting
Emperor's to dribble up toward half in
the maker and almost a half court pass
right there with the defense of Virginia
I think maybe it would have been better
to get it to the big fella
and hitting Carson it was on the run so
the big fella could set his screams on
the dribble handoff while he's getting
the ball to Edwards
[Applause]
where the agony of the Boilermaker fans
they thought they had it what a rally by
Virginia Purdue now takes a timeout when
that painter will extend it
best defensive team in the country for
some years they embraced the moment of
defense it's much harder this score and
it is to get us stopped many times with
this team this Virginia team they knew
what they were doing they were very
confident on that last leg of a grant
and got to get the ball in bounds and
then I'm just certainly going to be a
foul got to make your free throws in
Virginia hit make that trip to the Final
Four
yeah and if you want to look back to
Purdue right before all the time that
they would have made that free throw
definitely would have sealed the game
but again the icky tape he had different
plans so they did add some time to the
clock 2.1 remaining in this overtime
period
[Music]
[Applause]
still replaying that turn over in his
mind who's been brilliant all tournament
long all season long 42 tonight from
Edwards 2.1 they put the seven foot
three inch Matt harms on the inbounder
tied to Rome
[Music]
[Applause]
Virginia up three Clark's got it there's
the foul that key hey Clark
can put this one the rest is at 82%
free-throw shooter the cat quick key hey
Clark no match for Ryan Klein may not
show up in the stat sheet but his kid is
the team's leader
knocks down the free throw a
two-possession game now in Virginia
strolling to feel it
even dick Bennett with a smile
want to come back down ten in the first
half
and the subsequent acts to do keychain
to the final four for the first time
since 1984 the first number one seed to
punch their ticket to Minneapolis the
Virginia Cavaliers
are headed to the Final Four
[Applause]
[Applause]
what an extraordinary performance and
the first trip to the Final Four for
Tony Bennett matching his father who
took Wisconsin to a final four on the
second father-son duo to go to the holy
grail of college basketball John
Thompson and John Thompson the third the
other Carson Edwards with 42 mama Dee
Dee Akita with the tieing basket goes
for 14 tonight some huge rebounds and
Virginia joins Texas Tech in Minneapolis
and elevate the winner of Auburn and
Kentucky let's send it to Ali in the
fourths coats congratulations on the win
your first trip to the final floor of
the head coach the program's first since
1984 what are the emotions like for you
right now feels pretty good thankful
these guys came to play this was a road
game I don't know being the number one
seeded playing a but special special
game by Edwards everybody very thankful
very blessed and someone knows what this
team's bench
that's good thank you coach he wants to
give all the credit to you Kyle all the
credit to the players that's what Coach
it's all about what was the feeling like
when you were huddled up with your team
when it became a two-possession game
with the one second on the clock man
we're just so happy we've worked so hard
for this and we've come from from so far
the way last year ended everyone
probably counted us out but man I'm so
proud of our guys and our coaching staff
and our beautiful fans I can't I can't
even put into words what this means you
were huge tonight with 25 points you
couldn't hit a three this whole
tournament then you get hurt and
halftime and you come out and you drain
three three-pointers how did you
overcome it all mentally with my face my
faith in the Lord and my team I told
everybody down believe in slumps and
that's a bad word in my household
because I always feel in rhythm and when
when my guys are trying to find me with
that much confidence in me it's hard not
to not to bang a few so what do you want
people to remember about this Virginia
team
[Music]
that
now we can do anything we put on my suit
and we're making history we made bad
history last year or make a great
history this year final part here you
come one year after being the first
number one seed to lose to a 16 seed
Tony Bennett said own it it's a part of
your legacy now own this year and make
this part of your legacy and the
Cavaliers are going to the Final Four
you know I don't see mentioned he
mentioned that trembling courage playing
in the midst of beat down leaving it all
out there being vulnerable with your
emotions and your effort it's all
risking the war and I tell you what they
put a bit riskier but they're rewarded
congratulations to the to the team even
Ralph Sampson getting emotional up there
this team was down 14 points in the
first half two gardner-webb in the first
round and everybody's thinking here we
go again
not the case sweet 16 to Elite Eight to
the final for the Virginia Cavaliers
thanks to producer Scott cockerel
director Andrew Greathouse dontel Floyd
Shawn gorchakov and Sam bullets are
associated to wreck
in graphics Jeff Paris and Morgan far
Tom Barbary Joe Catalano are six
statisticians I'm Brian Anderson saying
so long from Louisville for Chris Webber
and Allie LaForce we'll see you next
time
and Virginia headed to the Final Four is
no better to than two but a South
Regional Championship tronie to coach
Bennett and the Virginia Cavaliers
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Hey Hey I'd like to first I'd like to
thank we've been in this building and
we've always been the road team and it
didn't change so congratulations to
Purdue your fans were amazing and that
was a heck of a game
but no one knows but these guys in this
locker room from last year at the end of
the year what we endured and that was
special I can't tell you obviously how
proud I am of these guys and this is
special my dad's here 19 years ago he'd
be Purdue to go to a final four so it's
kind of fun being his son following his
footsteps but all the credit first I
thank the Lord that's everything to me
and all the credit goes to these young
men how they fought and how they battle
so we're very thankful I'll shut up now
thank you for showing up and go who's
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
okay
[Applause]
