welcome back we're just moments away
from the tip-off of UCF and Duke the
winner goes to the sweet 16 you are
Johnny Dawkins what are you telling your
team how are you preparing your team to
try and beat you we have to be the very
best version of ourselves that we can be
that means defensively we've got to be
able to get back take care of the ball
on offense so they don't get live ball
turnovers make it a half-court game so
taco fall can have an impact in the
paint on defense and then you need BJ
Taylor to come up there I totally want
every cent agreed I've stated magic
number 60 keep the game 60 or lower or
shorten the game I would actually play a
lot of zone keep him out of fast break
but sixties my magic number Polly PJ
Taylor's got to get hot I agree Clark
he's got to get 30-plus Wow alright guys
that does it for us here on the road to
the Final Four coming up you see UFC ucf
and do for the next pot in the sweet 16
enjoy the game everybody a wrestling
tripped coverage of the NCAA men's
basketball tournament is sponsored by
Marriott Bonnefoy rewards reimagined
Bud Light reminding you to not drink and
ride your horse and by AT&T more for
your thing that's our thing
[Music]
today in Columbia South Carolina in the
building that is the home of the South
Carolina Gamecocks to the number one
seed will take on the university of
central florida ucf for the right to go
to the sweet 16 in Washington on Friday
what a matchup we have hello friends Jim
Nantz Grant Hill Bill Raftery Tracy
Wolfson he got seven six
tako fall and all these decorated
freshmen from Duke Barrett Williamson
radish on and on they go what a matchup
of this Jim great matchup and you talk
about freshman you have two great ones
here arguably the best players in all
the college basketball's I went and we
saw him dominate in round one first one
to go to state from outside from inside
all over the place leaving an impact in
this game and of course RJ Berry's
personal he can score as well 26 and 14
as well they show that they don't make
freshmen like they used to the way these
guys play and wrapped here is the guy
trying to block their path to the sweet
16 I'll raise your Zion for one large
taco how about this kid he's improved as
a basketball player black shots with his
chest underarm occasionally his hands
he's got the leafy the ability of Grant
Hill soars to that ribbony of those how
to play you can hold his hands but you
can't determine their weight the said
and here are the starters UCF fresh off
the program's first ever NCAA tournament
win over VCU on Friday night and two
there they are the four freshmen
including trade Jones the freshman who's
trying to take his team to his hometown
there in Minneapolis eventually in the
final four this year
Vern Harris Brian O'Connell Paul sails
and we're ready to roll with taco fall
who has won his last 32 tips to start a
game
step it in there is Zion for Duke and
let's get this second-round game started
Columbia South Carolina
Zions gonna try
all right 33 on answer that's our
partners number 33 all right the Knights
at 24 and 8 the tough matchup here size
on Taylor
leading scorer Taylor here Smith Paulo
de taco de Lara a behind him puts it up
off the back cover is chatting down by
taco fall did you see that expression
after that Jam he's got that little hook
and a nice follow garrote
/ - radish and he's along with that ones
off the floor with it
it's Alan it's the trailer Dawkins the
coach's son Smith saves it was back out
with it I'm looking for Dawkins to have
a big game for a lot of reasons the
emotion obviously growing up in that
area of the country that raised right
around the program when his dad was an
assistant that his alma mater for 10
years he's a talented kid can dribble
drive make threes the top go and coming
over chose reaching in and called for it
you're gonna get a steady diet of taco
fall early UCF loves to go inside to the
big guy but look at this that's just not
fair you know a steady diet of taco is
not the heat dunk that without even
jumping
come on off 13 points 15 rebounds and
five blocks and the win on Friday night
is taco this kid's got have a good game
I think we trying to go for the top rats
got a hand on it
great balance on the defensive end here
Sian Williams says yes tacos not coming
out he's not leaving home the big guy
has got total game not a good salary
you're not a smart I couldn't get there
how about that pump hit check an
immunity
so what do you only went 3 rows up I
think Rick up huh cliff coach Cutcliffe
at Duke would love that right there
design wimps and as you said not a great
foul right there but he hit him kind of
hard on that one are you gonna feel that
one
and bound to Taylor the senior who's
been the leading scorer each of the
three years that he's been healthy to
play he can play off the ball too that's
what makes him so tough I like him off
the ball a little bit more coming off
screens down to taco again
Volare a behind him and it's off Duke
was six to shoot helped a little bit
yeah
Duke swarming taco as he catches the
basketball they're gonna have to do that
because the laurier cannot guard him
one-on-one by himself with Ray Jones
with great hands on that on that
deflection look clean - it was very
funny Dawkins with five to shoot
- Allen launching from the corner that
got it
these two kids are tough they play with
a lot of cop and he can't dribble Drive
as well
[Applause]
taco on DeLaurier this is what they're
gonna try to ice it one way when time
goes on that side of the ball
I think you've got a reverse evades go
at him William surely not this time and
his fall with the rebound
they able to snatch it right up and over
DeLaurier
they're gonna continue with this play
high screen and roll with taco fall get
him back into the post on the other side
they back screen with Dawkins here
there's a tough match I think Williamson
Hawkins can dribble by him I think by
man n Taylor lost it for a moment five
to shoot Allen steps in jumps short into
the hands of parent snaps it ahead Zion
Williamson to the paint to the corner
back out to radish he can fire from here
sit down and that is so import British
has struggled his last six games only
averaging 10 points on 29 percent
shooting he's gotta knock down shots
with a crumber for these Blue Devils at
Duke team that's not even ranked in the
top 300 when it comes to three-point
percentage on the season but they've hit
a couple already Dawkins looking for one
of his own got it nice job the curse
they jumped out on him - pretty good
defensive and over by Rhenish he's curl
and reach in on Taylor right now
shooting from the perimeter guys
knocking it in red is showing that
beautiful form on that three holding his
follow-through and Doc is coming off
screens catches shoot that's what he
does
contested three knocks it in and an F
foul actually he's called on talking's
dumping it down low Zion on the blocks
challenge
taco fall what zip who said not this
time not a boo taco with the finger but
nevertheless impressive Taylor can dunk
already except he's just can't keep out
of the lane I mean he lingers cause he's
one step and he's out of the lane - I
think nothing prepares you for the size
of this man taco fall Boldin's on the
floor now for two jones with the jumper
that's his game I love his pull-up game
you talked about the three favorite
great two points shooting team though
yeah this pace right now is exactly how
you see us wants to play be very
methodical deliberate execute their
offenses Trey Jones putting some great
pressure on the ball on Allen able to
keep going after he slipped for a second
don't get how Tom Jones is on the
defensive end zone gets after him
good fit to to our one good pal
really good pal that's outlet on the
reach-in
and right now it's been a lot of taco
taco thaw getting it done right here
this looked like a hard shell taco with
this plug and Diane Williamson and they
right here offensive rebounding the
beautiful finish a UCL up too early
[Music]
what a story we have between these two
coaches over - he - never thought this
match of what happened but he said it is
what it is he said the key is just
playing basketball and try not to make
the game bigger than it is I'm sure that
is not easy today Jim yeah there they
were hugging just before tip Dawkins the
second all-time scorer in Duke history
his jersey number 24 retired the
Naismith Player of the Year back in 86
and that band of brothers at big
recruiting class that well the seniors
plus a junior and Tommy Amaker that took
Coach K to the Final Four for the first
time they don't forget those days
pretend I had a chance to chat with
Johnny he was emotional about family and
the love for one another and the amazing
thing about that footage Marcus actually
made Willis look like the back
second-round coverage of the NCAA
Division one women's basketball
championship continues today on ESPN
espn2 and the ESPN app and for more
information on game times and listings
go to ncaa.com there's a foul there on
taco fall last whistle and they want to
go inside the ball that now I think take
advantage of him being off the floor
this kid's got came both hands
then confer tab he's got a nice touch
either way the big body they bring in
the Knights is Chad brown number 21 and
Williams and his on him tell you this
far there's a physicality with this UCF
team it's been very impressive the AAC a
very tough tough conference as
underrated this team's experience not
afraid at the moment jump shot expect
about that stepping out looks like the
Houston game took off I had 21 in the
game where they ended useless wrong home
winning streak when usual Hughes was
ranked 8th in the country Raptors would
bring that over and that was a painful
delivery nice little flash here let's
stop all right and installment away by
Dawkins Barrett back to the band and
it's late and by Dawkins for two more
he's not playing because he's the son of
Johnny this kid has talent
[Applause]
like Williamson they rolled an ankle
they're top of the key and that's
Barrett Barrett Smith's calm and steady
for this team all season injuries
adversity but he's been the one
consistent for these Blue Devils what a
game he had on Friday night against
North Dakota State at a quiet 26 and 14
Jena be 6 and 14 it was just tremendous
double-double it is you got the switch
he wants to talk ins with another dream
his second of the game goodness he's got
8 of the 17 that sets up his driving
game and he could really penetrate nice
penetration here Rhenish from the face
line it's long and Smith on the far side
clears it for the night's matchup here
Taylor wants you sure about that
this is imported you see you have to
stay within themselves continue to
execute their offense
it has success here early that's a tough
step back go to Bouldin at the big man
on him and he decided to put up a long
three so Duke right back
of course to give the zone against UCF
you have two bolts penetration right
there in that gap there's a great wall
up there by Chad brown contesting
without fouling a nice flash and I like
what Duke does they love it the dribble
drive between defenders against the zone
[Music]
with it comes darkens with the steal
back Allen in the paint outside to ever
have tried again that's a really good
clean looking gun go for 3 from the
field judge love that where to see more
he is really good at that game
and what I love about it he doesn't
settle for those threes he understands
who he is gets to that mid-range where
he's so effective trade Jones taco fall
the bench four points three rebounds and
a block
[Applause]
and one foul that's when he went out
Siam without a dunk yet
the taco comment at Taco said that's not
gonna happen against me I won't
I won't let it happen bounce pass in the
brown that the size advantage but kicks
it out Taylor can he hit one we had the
shoot at the beat the shot clock and
it's going the other way they got a cow
Smith
you
tonight on 60 minutes here's samuel
l.jackson 'he's unique Hollywood story
as only he could tell it plus the
multibillion-dollar world of legal
sports betting tonight mention that Zion
appeared to roll an ankle league in us
raising even a second walk work kind of
twist of the foot - as he was falling to
the floor like that might have
contributed to him turning the ball over
right there with a stretching it right
there over to you Tracy what did you
hear I had a chance to watch Diana on
the bench and no one looked at his ankle
he seems to be okay but Mike sous-chef
ski really frustrated with the way his
team is playing defense he told them be
strong with the ball and then he said
Audrey Dawkins is on a mission yet to
wide-open threes look for a change as to
who's guarding it sounds like Mike's
bathing I think in the free camp Jones
off on that three and its Smith he was
able to pull it back for UCF the UCF
once again run your office and drop the
ball inside a taco fall of Duke has not
been able to deal with his size at two
inside written messages into the game
taco underneath trying to get the handle
on it whips it back outside already they
did a pretty good job helping out
recovery eats it back the taco he's
oh yeah number two it is on Taco Paul
trying to chase after the loose ball
Gloria right there great defense need a
taco fall up high great block inside and
obviously it too collected to go
one-on-one and it paid off right there
taco fault matt has to sit with those
two changes everything
I like the flash and the dribble Drive
against the zone they can get what they
want I think it's really spread on the
wings so if you can drive you can hit
baseline dude so good at moving the ball
from side to side and find anxiety there
sweet spot
all screening out here too is effective
Barrett
short and talk to the floor on one
bounces Taylor I'd like to see Barrett
if you say take the ball attack look at
his own mission you're right Michael
already in double figures with 10 tell
me he didn't want this game you know
he's been waiting for this a long time
was prepared food to do care
[Applause]
young guys have to find their way here
what soap what's the weak spot here's
the flash in the parent one struggles to
get that bat away and it's going back to
UCF
on second thought at first was gonna
point Duke ball doc is known as a suitor
but putting the ball on the floor
attacking Barrett and of course using
his left hand to avoid eye on Williamson
but as you said robbery Dawkins playing
sensational here at the start and Giants
might even wanna get another foul either
just trying to deter this is the side of
the ball has been impressive this year
for Duke they defended to get after it
Smith could drop step look at those pins
except for work but DeLaurier able to
rebound it numbers reddish when they
come they come in waves so effective so
many guys can handle nice decision near
the rim
[Applause]
when your offense when Jones is on you
don't try and beat him
[Applause]
great the niala we're just starting
around fence spits mm uh I'll throw that
into the Dukes side and Jones drives in
attacks quacks put right back up by
Barrett boy that was Jones basket with
his defense
great job than I had a basketball cause
of the turnover and a run-out and
Dawkins didn't like what he saw on the
offensive end confusion and he calls the
timeout with nine minutes to go first
half Knights still leading the number
one seat by a bucket
Tennessee survives Iowa's incredible
comeback wins in overtime seven to the
top well seven to the first ten into the
16 round are from the SEC for Big Ten
three HCC - and Gonzaga defense on both
ends Jones denial leads to this but
Smith coming back with the block shot
Smith showing his length and his
athleticism and desire on that play
after the turnover with Dukes is
definitely dialed up the defense Allen
lucky not to turn it over right there
Griffin Brown on the junk they just were
so ready for that press said how about
an assist a hockey assist from the
derriere yeah what a career is about to
lose it and somehow got it out and Allen
fell there I think Duke there's a little
off-guard on that play but they were
able to attack unbelievable that's what
you do attack the press for layups with
dumps a gym right now the difficulty for
a group they've got to be patient late
the shot the little trap walk to zone
takes away your individual ability this
particular zone there you go
one he's so active and clever out of the
timeout so well-versed a little bit of a
wrinkle a little flesh and how about the
power big time
Chad Browns first foul Williamson with
five points on two out of five from the
field one rebound and a three-point play
taco on the bench with two fouls
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
defense we've seen tre Jones that force
that turnover before the last break
we're talking said hold on a minute we
got to figure out what we're doing on
this end we're going to call the timeout
turn around
pumpkins back of the rep okay what a
great read to Jim by Dawkins they were
switch it he split the middle few plays
before it's on West going for that loose
ball slipped again right there wet spot
where an Allen slipped and Zion and
looks like he's first two steps down the
court was limping a bit that might be
where their benches are they can now
whose water her stash
once again the flash the kick and the
three in that middle the ball gets to
the middle is I on Williamson a great
decision-maker finding the open camp
reddish for the three it's a 10-2 run
for Duke to take the lead at 23 21
I think right now UCF has to go inside
the Colin Smith he's capable by the
manufactures of offense against his
defense has been a challenge his last
two possessions Smith trying to there
they traveled pretty good defense their
gravy and they're switching confusing
the only thing defensively you can do
against that right here switch off great
communication
big time
here's a look at the numbers so far UCF
lead 5-4 when taco went out at 10:56
with two fouls and now down to Jim grant
does know anything about a middle seat
in an airplane but first class obviously
but this is just a soft spot to kick and
as you noted reddish just on fire this
night been struggling a little bit about
this Campbell here jam with 745 to go we
were discussing in the break would we
see him the rest of the first half and
how he comes
I would attack him somehow move them
around if you can Burks on the floor
also for UCF is his first action because
UCF excuse me has gone to the man-to-man
defense dead zone Duke they've picked
apart Taco Bell has to be careful with
those two fouls as you said round look
at this guy fellow put this down all the
way Burt's on the way it defensively
thought about putting it up he hit some
shots the other night they can shoot
that deep one Dawkins no it
loader doesn't bail and ball that would
be careful reaching over
jumps into the paint and again it's
Burke's who comes in makes a couple
plays love the way these kids are
competing though I would give anybody
the ball to bring it up other the
Joneses Gardiner look at this in George
Susie and that's the second one falls
and slips on the floor amazing show your
love for your favorite NCAA team with
officially-licensed pan gear for the
first for the best selection of team
apparel and accessories had the ncaa.com
slash shop taco fall out there pickin
wall you dupe trying to go at him in the
pick and roll over to Jones lays it up
that was his chance to really finish
strong with the chose wisely he just
rushed to the basket one right around
Allen UCF followed your advice
Vijay Taylor now gonna initiate the
offense because of the defense trade
Jones Hawkins takes the print another
one by Campbell and sell out that far
they can't beat with a ball on the deck
he can fill it up he had at tempo early
March he had a 32 point games got 13
already here almost had the deflection
there too
this means a lot than the family as well
Lorraine not much of an offensive player
so taco Falcons own things up but damn
red is so much talent getting hot at the
right time for the Blue Devil two-point
shot that was an impressive one to jib
against Virginia Tech he had one more
step back cook up a spin step back I
mean that's even complicating that
delivery leading the Blue Devils with 10
is radish
over the top go underneath and tie it at
the line he's only a 36 Brook for center
from the line but his third dunk of this
first half ramp we saw this against VCU
you can't front he's 76 a great catch
inside seal recognizing the mismatch and
just taking his time gathering himself
and then going on his tippy toes for the
dunk
yeah they usually go Jim DeMatha was
playing power Memorial a little while
Shingen is a great player and great size
and Morgan wouldn't used a cool step it
up in the air so they prepare to play
against them I don't think that would
work here what it
that's about what you're facing though
you know he ties it as he hits the free
throw which is not all that common for
him from the line tied at 27 broaching
five minutes to go Barrett's left alone
can't do that nice give back by reddish
if you noticed though the defense of UCF
Duke is having the hit shot from the
perimeter they're unable to get into the
paint against his half-court defense at
UCF
- five out of ten for three
part of the story up by three and a
little nickel diner by polka I think it
is on bowling there's one of those
little give back plays we over react
towards the drill we got two going on
one little step back and Barrett get the
puppies organized drilling it up weapons
so they got about three minutes of three
minutes segment out of taco there he
goes to the bench
three minutes of action in that spell
including that's 13.1 here's talking
spoil the game he's having dnews because
of the size differential you can plumb
bob oh for Jones 15 now for number 15
Wow where's your attack no no
Dawkins again they got him in a delay if
they want gotta get Taylor's going he's
over fourth in the field they're leading
scorer Graham he is so good BJ Taylor at
getting to the free-throw line averaged
seven free throws a game but on defense
the scouting report for UCF help on the
drive three guys come over and converge
as Williamson gets to the basket the
help side defender not letting him make
athletic plays but letting him make
basketball plays that one ties it at 30
coming up AT&T at the half get you
caught up on all the latest tournament
news highlights and updates 80 at the
half first team all-conference VJ Taylor
puts the Knights back on top by one he
wasn't present when our get together
overcoming injuries during the course of
his career a lot of adjustments he's
made Chris having Johnny on the bench
two former point guard really helped his
growth and a senior has seen this
program come so far
Johnny Dawkins took over program and had
three straight losing seasons first year
put them in the NIT semifinals here they
are with their first ever NCAA
tournament win as a Friday night and it
drops for Zion with a great pass Jimba
by rj Barrett finding Zion Williamson I
think you got to continue to attack this
defense off the dribble if you do number
two second
of this angle that looked like a tweet I
think it was we saw that earlier today
the Tennessee game - oh boy clean as can
be
here's a look at enhanced stats
development with Google Cloud UCF
trailing only 24% of the minutes played
this season Chris mics your chef's you
back from his army days was a great
defensive coach and I think they're
doing a great job now now he's going
with gold wire out there with Jones
they're gonna turn up the pressure I
think on the guards in particular you
got me Sam with the basketball of who
UCF Dawkins at the line to shoot three
now he is off to a fabulous start but he
got is if you will his basketball career
started when it's just a toddler the
first goal that he ever basketball goal
that he ever had in his life was sent to
him by Grant Hill those little mini
baskets no cheque involved either though
probably a big birthday for a tote I
played with his dad my first year with
the Detroit Pistons and obviously know
the doctor's family well and
man that get paid off every event a lot
of free throws with that with that goal
just hit three here it's got 18 now
there's 34
better go inside now with this lineup I
think some sort of attacker post-up a
bullet pull it down and sighin ties the
game at 34 Wow there'll be no taco that
trip goodness he hung in the air on
there good that was out of Bounce trip
and he's got deep range but not this
time
[Music]
you
some sort of a flash
I think they could just post up on this
side if they want but hold it there's no
place like brothers takes it in takes
the jumper hold it underneath off the
floor with it if it beats a tailor
getting on the ground therefore that
loose ball but Zions like just throw it
up there
look at this that's awful so top of the
glass goodness that is amazing
you can draw up all the offenses you
want you kind of got like that let's
utilize them
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we'll wire depending here he's had some
good games two of us the other night
meant surgeons make money bad pretty
good played well in Louisville but it
came Johnson pudding walked for a half
shaken after people right now beats a
tale you just can't casually throw that
ball out to the perimeter when Zion
women since they're one of the best at
anticipating those steals and going for
those dunks that have value the
basketball do you see up against is deep
so the two schools are game for those
two you my permit 14 is shoot just give
back dice great pump fake for this kid
oh oh he lost it on the way up the
Laurier was standing right there waiting
for it but he passed up and over look
there you're right hi game 222 go first
half nice kick the old wire that played
his family made one the other night has
only made two on the season out of
twenty three attempts Winston
you're right once again it's brown on
the foul as it was the last times ayan
had a three-point play he's gonna have a
chance to do it again out Jill he is
calm yeah the agility and the strength
on that play as you said Rath
unbelievable right here just employed he
wasn't thinner with us last night
it's of all things at 285 the explosion
is the thing that stands out more than
anything
[Applause]
so Duke it takes a three-point lead to
play by wings and stole my gold wire
caps it over to Jones he'll try it I
think instead Mike's amazing though last
couple of minutes so sacred and a
basketball game gets them to hustle make
mistakes on the blog's to on them was
back out with it but the man of the
quarter its perks long Williamson again
how you able to jump everybody watch him
trailing in a rush
and RAF this is what Duke does they flip
that switch with their intensity level
and get out in the open court in r.j.
Barret it's so good at attacking the rim
avoiding the charge right there a
tremendous touch on that shot that's not
an easy shot right there but Duke they
just they go on those spurts and it's
all sparked by their defense I was
wondering how many 1057 games now always
wonder how oh just a mirage was a true
got lucky little two-to-one recorded but
one person nobody posted look at this
hustle they got them off their game
right now Johnny waving and just calm a
little bit but you got to get a post guy
I think Morgan he's got to be in the
middle then they could turn in an attack
it's an eight nothing run and the last
min of the play remember it was tied at
34 at the 220 mark
central florida ucf with taco on the
bench with two fouls sing what they had
built up as far as equity evaporating
here in the last minute and a half two
minutes stole minutes would you say
three and change jim i liked it though
bringing up out though for this lady
can't afford of it all get tutored if
they have any hope
[Applause]
hey everybody step in there dia here
comes a rag er
[Applause]
and go wire with the bump
BJ Taylor such a strong guard right
there able to use his body initiate the
contact and this is where he lives on
the free-throw line understanding
they're in the one-on-one bonus
situation
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you can watch every game live on your
phone tablet computer favorite streaming
device NCAA March Madness live at
ncaa.com / March Madness for dunk
download the today so - for Taylor you
mentioned that Tuffy is granted 21
against Houston his kids a gamer's
ability get to the free-throw line as
you noted he bring it up Houston
I noticed that that's just I noticed
that
most runs curl and a gun is defended by
Smith and it's gonna belong to the
Knights rate right sniped it out right
there Smith from the weak side
recognizes that he's able to get a
deflection and all Saiyans
rockets with 50 seconds to go in the
nights hands going well wise made some
plays sign to chose for two NBA were you
gonna play 1 2 3 4 5 whatever you want
playing what about their goodness
[Applause]
old wires with some addition as you go
to chip coming out here he's been part
of this o sake first half turn around
hasn't he huh
now with 18 seconds I have to shoot it
for a second differential I'd like to
see doctors to get it though
and then take Williamson dumpalot
Mortimer
won the shoot Smith gets it away two
seconds
- will it be a launch yes Jones if it's
but the strength of the chess man
Williamson with 15 points leading the
Blue Devils four rebounds and this
magnificent assist one of three that was
right on the money
put a creep passel giant wimps in doing
it all right here but Duke turning up
the intensity here in the first half
Tracy over to you thanks a lot coach a
big run there since that last timeout
what did you say in the huddle that they
were able to execute well we were able
to put on so impress our 32 and Jordan
gold wire and trades did a great job
with it it's a parent of that the extra
work that Johnny did is my assistant
with Aubrey it's paying off Duke closes
the first half on a 12-2 run and that's
the most points UCF allowed on the first
half this season
44 36 Blue Devils at the intermission
we'll send you to AT&T at the half after
these messages and you're watching the
NCAA Men's Basketball Championship
you
this is AT&T a behalf AT&T giving you
more for your March Madness thing dead
even first half until a 12 to late run
by two powered by Zion Williamson who
had 15 in the first half and the Blue
Devils have the lead 44 36 over UCF back
here in New York AT&T at the half
Bernie Johnson spelling Greg Gumbel now
and and Clark remains here Charles
remains here and it free to finally work
this weekend with the greatest shooter
the greatest shooter in the history of
this great game with two Z's in his last
name it's true I looked up Walt Hazzard
your shooting percentage was better so
this has been an entertaining game and
Zion Williamson I don't know what else
you can say about the guy that hasn't
been said already Wally well I'm gonna
say he's my favorite college basketball
player of all time cuz he is
Wow and I watch this guy play he
actually just astounds me every time
he's out there on the floor I've never
seen a guy move like this on a
basketball floor I've never seen a guy
jump that high on a basketball floor
softened up the defense with the three
and then he's just attacking the rim
with a vengeance taking defenders with
him how about that quick hops off the
high elevation gets up for the dunk
this guy's compete level on both ends of
the floor guys it is incredible for a
freshman you see it on his expression he
plays with a ton of emotion he's just a
joy to watch he really is I you know
Chuckster my favorite play was late and
a half the bounce pass haha yeah that
three of signals passed to midcourt
I'm gonna take two the UCF approach you
gotta be your coaches all the time
talking about the last five minutes
before half-time the first five minutes
after halftime the most important
minutes of the game this was a tag game
and you see I've had two turnovers they
got him out on a fast break and now
you're now eight if they lose this game
they're gonna regret the last two or
three minutes right before the half so
this was a tie game now you down eight
now your back is against a wall
but the last two or three minutes that
was huge for you see if they had this
game under control he had at a great
pace but in Clark was said some if you
turn the ball over they take advantage
of all mister they don't they don't they
don't miss chance yeah they do not turn
you over Johnny Dawkins all-american at
Duke and now trying to knock Duke out
and coaching his son and he's got some
game yes he does you can't run away from
the DNA Ernie no you can't can and the
DNA is strong with all three Dawkins and
he's had a huge first-half 18 points
lauren has made three or four threes and
you can tell he's locked in a little
extra motivation going against the
program that he grew up around and he's
a lethal three-point shooter excellent
size and back to Chuck's point this game
was being managed and controlled pretty
well in four-minute segments by UCF and
then the turnovers 11 two-points off
turnovers for Duke that's nine they've
got an eight-point lead 44 36 and for
you kids there but just remember what
Clark said you cannot run away from the
DNA let's hit the highlights first game
of the day and it was a dandy didn't
look like it was gonna be a dandy
looking like Tennessee was gonna run him
off the gym well they were doing just
that
Ernie I had already went hashtag
woodshed but only for 20 minutes only
for 20 minutes in Iowa came all the way
back here's Isaiah Moss he's spraying
this three to bring him to within one
and eventually got evened up and then
Lamont a Turner knocked down this three
the give Tennessee a lead we're in
overtime now and grant Williams took
over he had six points but he also has
five assists a few blocks and a few
steals as well annapolis coalfield love
than the agony of defeat for the hawk
guys after a game game come back up well
I'm gonna get a lot of both teams number
one you got to give Tennessee a lot of
credit for not folding when you blow a
twenty five point lead you could be
shell-shocked going into overtime but
also I'm gonna get our some love for
just the degree and determination that
come back when you're down 25
yeah and I'll tell you Grant Williams
was huge they showed the clutch gene
down the stretch of that game you
mentioned the six points in overtime a
couple big passes and the defense he had
three blocks four steals he was just the
anchor on both ends of the floor for the
balls they met five years ago in the
first for Tennessee beat him in OT today
Tennessee into the sweet 16 with an
overtime win again over the Hawkeye's
back with more to second
[Music]
North Carolina had won 12 straight games
over pac-12 teams and the streak is
alive yeah sure is
go ahead while they take it away Toby
white showing is a three-point range and
the step-back two knocks down that
three-pointer they were up nine 24:15 at
that point and then Luke Bay can't
forget about him he had a monster
double-double today how about the seer
little who came off the bench with 20
big points seven boards lot energy
Carolina's out in transition see a
little gets the easy two they ran away
with this one and rolled to victory into
the sweet 16 wired a wire job for the
heels and now they get a burn in the
sweet 16
that could be delicious it will be
delicious and not hey I couldn't wait to
see this game and it's being played
right now on TNT and right now good
defense beats good offense because Texas
Tech is on top of awful Oh 17 to 6 again
the game being played on TNT so you're
feeling good about that Auburn North
Carolina matchup coming up there big
fella well I'm concerned I'm concerned
for sure the Carolina is unbelievable
but anytime you get an opportunity to
play against a North Carolina Duke
Kansas UCLA a Michigan State like the
blue bloods of the sport there's a great
opportunity I love my team
I can't wait and obviously it's gonna be
personal between me and Kenny but you
know listen it's a great can you imagine
anything better
I mean seriously I'm a sports fan can
you imagine anything better at the young
kids getting a chance to play North
Carolina in the NCAA tournament you
can't beat that
if you can't defense play against Duke
or somebody like that it's a great
opportunity I know I could you imagine
anything better than that Clark no I
could not based on the context that
we're in right now yeah well you better
elevate your game that's for sure it's
gonna come down to makers it's gonna be
the shot makers got it we we got a leg
shots and rebound let me tell you
something I like my squad I love my car
too - yes sir - can't wait to see what
the mood you're in when they when they
play the sweet 16 this week the second
half of UCF and Duke is coming up but
now let's send it over to our special
contributor Phil any predictions for the
rest of the game Phil well I spoke to
one of the coaches and he said they were
going to win easy enough but then I
spoke to the opposing coach and he also
said that they were going to win hmm so
that means one of these guys is lying to
me and that does not feel good
ATT would like to remind you that just
ok is not OK whether it's Phil's game
analysis or wireless networks thanks for
watching AT&T at the half
coverage of the NCAA men's basketball
tournament is sponsored by infinity and
power the drive State far talk to an
agent today at 1-800 State Farm Pizza
Hut official pizza of March Madness
aimed by the coca-cola company USA back
in Columbia South Carolina UCF went the
last five minutes of the first half
without a basket scoring its last seven
points at the free-throw line but a big
first half
Zion with 15 Audrey Dawkins with 18 an
exciting first half it was guys Zion was
super exciting Jim really doing it all
obviously early on tweaked his left
ankle but didn't seem to really bother
him as you see on this catch in finish
that is that's up there right there of
course in transition showing off some
skill unselfishness Zion Wilson doing it
all odd retards grew up idolizing to now
trying to put him into misery what a
great half he's had catching shoot and
the ability to put it on the hand as you
mentioned earlier the terrific flip kids
finished yeah he made six out of eight
from the field including three threes
here's the first half stats presented by
uber eats
points of the paint decisive edge for
Duke back to the exact margin we have in
this game and then you talk about taco
in that first half when he played he
played eight and a half minutes and it
was plus one for the nights when he was
out there and when he sat on the bench
with the two fouls - nine big influence
on the game on both ends of the floor
big adjustments necessary tre say what
did you learn at halftime well Jim
Johnny Dawkins certainly saying that not
having taco hurt then scoring in the
pain and just his presence down low and
he needs to stay out of foul trouble in
the second half because he just effects
so much but also in those last five
minutes the points off turnovers
the big difference Jim Tracy piggyback
on what Tracy says those turnover six of
which were alive live ball turnovers
leading to 11 points for Duke they must
value the basketball UCF on the
offensive end and they can't give him
extra possessions either that one over
the top and they first timely really run
that little point set against the
man-to-man and leave some with a great
look the two to one which was a factor
I'm looking at I see darkens now they're
gonna have to flash the middle to help
the guards out
lengthen the speed up to able to cover
so much distance and I like this right
here you got a talent itako for two I'm
sure that was an adjustment for Dawkins
don't be on your heels at that pressure
Barrett short with the shot Dukes
Burton's first three of the second half
[Applause]
imagine UCF going back inside they had
success early in the first half going
into taco fall that baseline rubs they
let a little triangle look initially
bounced to a little hook taco back in
and DeLaurier now he gets stopped and
dr. Taylor
they had a repost and they end up with a
turnover push it off called on Taylor
right here Allen attacking this pressure
and of course when he's seven six this
throwing up there he's gonna get it he
might have jumped on that one too bill
he did elevate all four of tacos baskets
have been dunks
Williamson had one of the first half but
fall was on the bench at that time a
little one-man zone here in the back a
little more zone water to switch from
man his hands oh they gotta charge at
the end of it I thought it was gonna be
a swipe yeah because it looked like
clean grip nice little start pretty
sharp
it's gonna be the third here on radish
fellas here Allen with a nice little
reach in there but you're right
Smith sacrificing his body taking the
charge on reddish now he's got three
fouls and again full court pressure by
the Blue Devils
[Music]
this matchup our Jay Baer at six six six
seven guarding BJ Tyler
they don't want Jones on their guard
that mean he's so tough disrupt back out
the Dawkins again just as he did in the
first half
how bout him getting available and then
with the defense right there drilling it
big time now with 21 this right hand
[Applause]
tapped around twice and finally at Allen
and the Knights have come out with the
first five points of the second half
look at the boy long will the slam
Johnny told us he's learned how to play
I mean that was a drag screen
and they been what adjustments by Johnny
timeout to about the big fella looming
large tippy-toe blocks
tippy-toe influence at the other end
they're really good understanding of how
to get to the rim and finish with a blob
Taco Time
[Applause]
this season NCAA coaches and infinity
are taking a timeout to fight cancer
with infinities 1 million dollar
donation to the American Cancer Society
this is an infinity timeout for the win
learn more at infinity timeout calm well
UCF their Sports Information Department
a he's one of the 40 Thomas human beings
on the planet of seven six what was
player in common basketball or the NBA
and they score right over
taco Falls Duke's first points of the
second half the parents saying get that
big fella
will you need a floater with some air
under it dodging
[Music]
well Freddie Jones just getting after it
on that ball I believe back to him here
found
DeLaurier Tracy over to you
we saw coach Kay calling that quick
timeout he wanted to ignite some energy
into his team he said how much do you
want this how much are you willing to
fight he got down on his knees he
pounded on the floor and he pleaded with
them he said you pound on the floor to
play defense play with emotion like you
play to okay Tracy Barrett touching at
last second foul a moment ago on
DeLaurier how about taco fall he's just
a bailout is any pressure or potential
five-second just lop it up here throw it
up to it again he's a senior who will
graduate in May in the Dawkins he waits
and lost control of it Duke comes out
with it nice kid can't quite get the
clean handle now gets it back and tacos
gonna pick up number three then go the
other way it's on Paul
tell you what I don't have a Ben Smith
on the other side this angle I didn't
see a foul maybe was Smith but right
there I thought it may even him but on
the other end Williamson well he did
taco fall had his left arm or left hand
on Zion as he went up because he's so
big and so strong this is possible at
times for the officials to properly
officiate the game with him out there I
mean where is there an example for an
official I think about it it's true
I love Williamson to both ends of the
floor a little spirits wiping that ball
at the other end in front of the plane
and the thing was I and we talked about
his explosiveness and his talent but his
hearty plans he has so much effort out
there on both ends really competes
impresses me he tops
Duke was 17 back here in the Palmetto
State his home state raised the
spartanburg block at this end and duke
again on the break nice job by aubrey
that time Dawkins making himself bigger
once you leave your feet no matter how
good you are it's tough to convert
getting back transition defense yep
great deflection there by RB Dawkins
dude so good at the open court
[Music]
[Applause]
earlier this kit is automatic switching
to the zone look here late the shot
clock they've been going a little bit of
man / to the bank lien said and Paul
risky move but got a hand on it and it's
last touched by the Knights Duke boys
bound with seven taco thinks they got it
wrong which of the five languages did he
use what do you think or six is it a no
but I thought one thing he made a play
on the ball with those three fouls and
was cleaned
took one out of eight from the field
this half rolls off the round they'll
shoot - you know bill I live in Central
Florida I've seen him since his freshman
year and taco fall first of all great
seal inside with the hustle and desire
to go after the rebound and get to the
free-throw line but he was a big guy who
didn't know how to play but he's
improved and now he is a good basketball
player for this team third foul on
DeLaurier I mentioned he's the senior
senior day was March 7th and his mother
Mary Ann was there joining him on the
floor it was the first time the two had
seen one another in person in nearly
seven years since he left Senegal for
the United States and high school that's
the reason he has to convert really
struggles as mentioned earlier those
free throws
this zone has really had its impact
though keep everybody in abeyance
outside a little slash it was subtle
here but in Rome we can do that Johnny's
gonna let them do that
seven points to the blow Devils tell you
what when Duke is hitting three corners
like that six for 13 from the
three-point line they really can't be
beat that that good put his imprint on
the game right now
number one the Knights had trimmed it
2-1 by scoring the first seven of the
second half now Duke on a seven-point
run as Rhenish gets around and Smith
snags it and the Knights take off
the trailer Smith Smith amount of wiggle
around Boland and the basket goes then
you step up great recognition to nice
grant by number 35 it's a chance with us
nice little kiss at the end of this room
but over with the dribble and walk
[Music]
I'm Adam Zucker back in New York with
the Geico game break over on TNT Texas
Tech going for its second straight sweet
16 here comes Matt Mooney the Raiders
have been up by 13 that lead is down to
two winner gets Michigan as we go back
to Jim wrap Granton Tracy all right
Thank You Adam and again a one two or
three none of the lost to this point in
the tournament and we got now Smith at
the line after Bolton's second foul
chance to trim it to five
[Applause]
it's like UCF here now switching up the
defense zone of some sort
it's a one-man so that big degrees on
what a matchup he he was on Jones there
for a minute he was a no basket foul
first and it's called on Allen to your
point you saw taco is a young guy just
worked on his game right yeah worked on
his game he has a good feel now
understands his how to use his size to
his advantage
it's really dedicated to becoming a good
basketball player that's been on display
here against Duke Johnny's gonna let him
live with that Williamson made when I
come back to him he play them reddish a
huge size advantage over Taylor wisely
keeping Allen away his Jones is on him
he's so disruptive it said again has
like the three that he made with a
player draped all over I think he just
gets those calls does his father
left wide open slides off the rim and
out of bounds to UCF and on that plane
we didn't have to settle just maybe take
the dribble in there as you can see
right here though docking is a nice
little fade away I don't remember Johnny
shooting the ball like that he just blew
by people Johnny at that speed but I
think if they're trying to embarrass
influenced Ray Jones to take that three
just take a little dribble into your
range right there taco fall is guarding
you under the basket or make the pants
maybe you know let some other guys beat
you tailor getting around reddish that's
three fouls maybe is fourth Wow a nice
little read with taco hi you know you
got the empty side great feel this kid's
been around and is boron reddish it gots
freon DeLaurier he draws fouls at such a
high rate
DJ Taylor using his body strength and
intelligence there to get to the line
you see ups missed his last three from
the line they get four after starting
the game eight for eight this program
note CBS News will present the muffler
report the turning point tomorrow night
at 10:00 9:00 central only CBS
[Applause]
and you know Raph was interesting here
in the first half Duke's shot 55% from
the field the second half just 17% to
412 so give some credit to this UCF
defense but it's gonna have to figure
out how to manufacture some baskets that
settle for these threes Jim that you
tackle on the floor is part of that but
he's on the floor includes controls
there you go good call Brandon Jones at
kendo they go they hit it used to having
somebody said to six contests to the
head range shots they don't get back no
foul call but another dunk nice run into
the floor by the big fella
his sixth dunk of the afternoon last
seven points to the Knights one point
down I got to give Williams some
involved somehow
[Applause]
it's almost like a triangle and two out
there defensively you go outside
Williamson put the jam it's DeLaurier
why would you shoot the ball well you
can rebound and finish nice read by
number 12 his first points of the game
[Music]
[Applause]
vacas didn't throw it high enough and
Volare a steps in front with the theft
how high is too high throw it up there
this defense right now is causing some
confusion Zion tried to go in there and
pick up the 4th all taco like his
furious on the sidelines to taco said
you're not gonna dunk up my you if I can
allow it to happen
we got a nickel dime around side go wire
Lord Mike I haven't seen like this
animated in a while there was definitely
some some contact here on this play as I
am Williamson goes up and oh goodness
goodness you gotta give don't you take
it was a foul taco brought his pants
down they just been straight up subway
they'd lock you up and wisely taking
fall out at the 1206 mark with a break
coming the first whistle under 12 get a
little extra breather
I thought the third collie called on him
was a lot less contact and what was
right there I agree with you for both
clubs by the way the fourth time Zions
been blocked in this game not a good
foul they're that far from it Laurier
trying to contesting it bounced over the
back
that doesn't happen too often by the way
the blocks at four times a yeah rejected
waves but that's a fourth foul on
Loretta Smith for
DeLaurier now before chat radical I'm
101 another senior for the Knights
struggles a little here 55%
Meza performance early my taco
impressive by UCF yeah down a little bit
there at the end of the first half
they've come out here in the second half
regrouped they're back in the game one
down I don't know if they thought a raft
after you found out who their pre-season
tip-off guest speaker was for the day
this year you can overcome that many
things when you're young that was grand
folks his message learned how to
communicate as a team right we managed
to play well in spite of my message
[Applause]
[Music]
after 10
he's going to the line foul on Smith his
second what a game in Colombia
delicious orange vanilla coke really
wanted to be the official drink for time
outs and now it is coming out of this
timeout and RJ Barrett will be at the
line to shoot two from Mississauga
Ontario Canada players throughout the
country now look at these numbers huh
today 13 but now they've got their go
group here Duke look for a little more
pressure maybe that two to one goal
wiring Jones can really get after the
guards his father Rowan vice president
of Canada national team where she might
remember him you have basketball
faithful at Saint John's back in the mid
90s plus his mom Keisha who ran track at
Saint John's and his son is quite a
remarkable talent works with Canada
basketball alongside this - Steve - is
that post Tufts they didn't do it the
first half
The Wiz is godfather he's godfather yeah
a perfect trap was it a timeout see
these two little guys creating havoc
is number one network do you call him
Sam do you call him Sam I do very tight
I know is a good man really excited to
see that piece tonight on 60 minutes to
get ready look back through that game
and taco with the bump Heller Dawkins
with the duck ties it at 54
what a play that out there time out this
big dose loosen the pressure right now
serve I'm back from eight town with an
11-3 response
Garret and about his hips underneath no
bow first hold on I think Taylor in the
packet is Taylor just a great little
play run this join the year or just taco
doing a nice job
they took obstacle to get around nicely
look that's twice Dawkins out of a
timeout is drawing up a play just like
that yeah well he's been taught by a
pretty good guy
[Applause]
Johnny Dawkins this is the second time
taking a team to the NCAA tournament it
was the Stanford head coach back in 2014
his Stanford team was a 10 seed and beat
a 7 in New Mexico and in a two seed in
Kansas another thing the shot clock at
20 now screen preparedness pops out
that's legal no lines on the inbounds to
at 18% of the second half gets Jones
[Applause]
we're making him think a little bit he's
as you mentioned gonna get inside that
three-point line that we created for
some others let it come to a great
little game
nice touch by Jones with 15 I like what
Johnny's done on this end of the floor -
he's raising everybody's little room to
drive baseline or that little bump brush
screen radish back on the floor with
four fouls dolare to the bench with four
and I like this smaller lineup - I think
they can really get after it defensively
have you see another shooter and the
Knights take the lead on his trip Paul
can't get the handle on it that dumped
my table but 10 to shoot
boots in a zone don't memento matchup
zone right here Dawkins who has 25 they
did this one trip of Virginia Tech
Taylor go get out of it now you see it
leads at 57 54
right now as you see up his luck the
game of his William says keeping him
alive from downtown Natalie didn't last
for long smart play by Jones that trip
Williamson three four five from the
three-point line not expected and
stepping up big as his team struggling
on the offensive end
Griffin on the floor now gives her 17
minutes a game off the bench in a jam
here timeout again near midcourt shown
unbelievable he can rank a guy it was
Taylor first at Zion right behind him
matching trees matching 57s on the board
[Music]
spotted the sweet 16 on the mine and
we're all time
you
[Applause]
[Applause]
see courtside from anywhere download the
March Madness live VR it's a tradition
unlike any other the Masters on CBS
April 11th through the 14th and this
year for the first time ever special
event is gonna be held in Augusta the
Augusta National Women's Amateur
debuting the prior weekend you see us on
the way down to one timeout having an
end a couple of times there's a three on
the way we're going to settle but that's
that two three little wrinkles state
with it watch out Williamson driving in
coaches mix-up number four they got to
get out and run beat this team down the
floor if they're gonna win this game put
a little more pressure on and wrap that
was so smart by Williamson he went at
him he was seeking contact from taco
right there understanding the situation
nice concentration and the ability to
draw the foul
now fall has four it's gonna come out
chat Browns checking in
get the fear of God number one is
bearing down on you sure a lot of times
when go in there against the shop block
we try to avoid him
you need to seek contact go right
through him as I'm Williamson on that
play was able to do so it seems to
happen when you attack taco you get him
in the chest you got another eight
inches to go maybe more than eight
inches one tooth designed with 24 on the
game 14 prepare at the 10 per redish 10
a extend out here trap don't have the
pressure of the lob as much here
yes it's gonna have to attack it off the
dribble keeping him outside
Allen stuck tight it over the Taylor
great defense Duke was all over
contesting the shot inside nine minutes
Devils quite wide
çf Chad brown once again playing the
role of Zion is owning up guarding Trey
Jones challenge from Doba he takes
advantage tell you what you gotta love
this kid though a lot of the guys would
not have taken that shot after the
struggle
look at him from the rear gets one
[Applause]
last seven points for Duke coming back
from three down just look at the
distance here I'll put up just nice and
relaxed that's got to taste good and I
like that it's time for him at the top
of the key
yeah I three-quarter shot from the time
did you see for a moment the tongue was
on the line and then he backed up by
just an inch create a little space Sweet
sixteen begins Thursday with the
Infinity NCAA tip-off on TBS at six
followed by double headers on CBS on TBS
Taylor gets two
[Applause]
çf went back to it the teeny bit of a
match here zone it up they communicate
well exempt for some different eyes to
take shots how about these kids oh you
know what your when you're with a
winning program you do have to step up
only two for 21 from the three-point
line all season at two of the three he's
made right in this bill to him in his
last two games his glory a viewing that
we would have double dribble just look
at him brag at first stuff that shot my
gold wire the first bench points of the
game for the Blue Devils
again that free-throw line area is
somebody from UCF needs the flash in
there that's the sweet spot against his
defense
brokest threatening to do it though
they're just taking the guards out of
play well tough ball right there
Oh first of all is a great rebound by
Chad brown Visayan williamson from the
weak side
oh my goodness
Dukes shooting 9 out of 20 from three
blasts this season among major
conference teams from three 30% which
ranked 339th in the NCAA but well Jones
has had a hard time out there today but
the rest of the team 45% total and no
team has ever reached the final four
with a three-point percentage that low
Jim be interesting to see you know what
I love though those two guys stepped up
may two threes Jones and gold wire
because you're part of a winning program
the demands are you step up around to
shoot two
one on active shooters okay
[Applause]
seven and a half to go not go still on
the bench with four fouls
but fountain I was checking it now they
were in the pond they didn't they
Gorgons got him hung up and didn't get
any assistance underneath Griffin 26 the
Williams of lovin in the second half I
would put a guard on that foul line or
Audrey Dawkins let him do the damage
they're bathing in the boat they're in
the middles he's out and here he is
there you go on the baseline Griffin
wildly puts it up
who comes away with it I mean if I were
ugly I return and play that middle guy
one-on-one grand just challenging
rebound gives him a double-double
goldwater and looked at these kid waves
to keep it alive though he's man-eating
come up with it just a little rip screen
right there Barrett set in a back screen
and Doc has got held up that was the
easiest two points for Zion Williamson
here tonight but little miscommunication
defensively for UCF which we haven't
seen a lot of this evening against that
matchup return and go the tack he's been
hot all game long got 28 five out of
seven from three first basket by the
Knights and almost four minutes maybe
the food at camp wasn't good like this
ever
maybe now is a box of one grand look at
this now they switch it
[Applause]
turn over left catch
the one going one way one go think of
the other two - one has been helpful but
you've got to recover if you do
here comes the Phil
just love what they're doing they fill
and that opens up the back for pass
again
taco has come in
where's the flesh turn Dawkins well
that's unbelieving 30 now can up a big
guy in there they can't make decisions
or do that as well as he came down the
to 540 remaining they are just not
playing certain shooters again they're
just letting two guys do whatever they
want
and tripling up on others to our
Williamson timecode challenges what a
drop step and move right there
taco fall walling him up right there but
Diane Williamson not to be denied say
UCF is just mucking the game up
defensively red 10 he's a three point
shooter from deep tell you what Johnny
Dawkins has his guys playing out here
and competing against these Blue Devils
[Applause]
trying to get inside I think it pushed
up
whose job by Dawkins
which hood spinning around
ends up saved by Barrett
I think Barrett needs to get involved
right here not touch the ball in the
offensive end Allen is denying him they
are confused real they go to run their
man-to-man stuff against this matchup
Bluetooth music ball down by fall
Knights can take the lead on this trip
pushing number one Duke to the limit
straight up man
look at the difference in size between
Zion and here's Taylor
you see from town town and an 11-2
stretch and to calls the timeout
[Applause]
how about this Chandler we talked about
being around a little nylon
they're not gonna weigh tough bunch of
kids
[Music]
Duke to inbound down 72-68 they compared
rendition a two-man game with Williamson
either one of them
Jones light passes the shop of the
corner Zion and traffic there you go
then him face it in attacking
knocks it at 70
like how they use Williamson at the top
there he couldn't help right
they strike bump in town want to get the
big guy a touch
[Applause]
was he playing Frank pinkness he
recognized to wanted to traffic hit him
square knocked it down now with 32
putting the Knights up by 2 then again
Williams it outside the screen too
[Applause]
dr. Williamson Duncan Zhanna that's a
charge on Zion Williamson his third
great anticipation by Aubrey Dawkins
understanding William says the lefty
likes to go left sacrificing his body
taking a charge taking a play on a Dukes
playbook sold in relation to or they
stopped fronting on that bounce
important trip here for both sides
[Applause]
go on the floor who is a liability at
the free-throw line he's got the four
fouls but he's been so viable they've
been plus sixteen when he's played in
this game today he's been on the floor
watching diamond to the rim now Taylor
the senior with three to shoot they call
Big Shot Perry off the clock Jim that
might have been a shot clock violation
gonna check
I don't think BJ Taylor's shot hit the
rim with great presence of my Barberie
Dawkins on the play before as BJ Taylor
went up I don't think the ball hit the
rim on that shot oh what a call this
would be a medal shot clock going down
BJ Taylor nice fade away but I don't
don't think it hit the rim ooh and they
may have it back of the iron Gene's
territory you're looking at this what do
you see
well the officials can go to the monitor
to review this based on the fact that it
could be a shot clock era by the by the
inadvertent resetting of the shot clock
from the angle that I see I do think
that the ball appears they hit the
that RIM which would have been a shot a
reset of the shot clock but it's awful
close guys
and look I can hit the backboard no now
that time it doesn't look Jane yeah I
totally agree on that one bill looks
like it just hits the bottom missing
thing but it grazed it there I think it
the tote I think it just touched it just
grazed it
wow great angles by our guys in the
truck right in there
[Applause]
so what can they do with this gene in
this in the sense that they reset this
so they deemed that that did touch my
feeling would be that it would have to
be indisputable visual evidence for them
to say that it did not touch and by the
two looks I have I really can't tell you
if that's indisputable now this look
looks like it did not hit the ring it
all from the Skycam but when we look at
that other angle it appears that it is
touching it let's see if this angle
gives us something different it looked
like it squeezed in there a little bit
we're action I think it's it's not
indisputable yeah and I leave it that
one looks awful clear there but we don't
see the bottom of the basketball from
the top you know to see if we have
anything here now the ball doesn't
appear to look like it changes any
rotation until it hits the backboard but
again we're in the indisputable amount
[Applause]
well this is
the 4140 third game of the tournament
and this is the call of the tournament
to this point the number one team the
number one seed are they going to be
down for is that going to be taken away
that last basket Nick he's been through
a lot and doesn't get easy
[Applause]
just impossible hotel isn't it every
angle think differently I mean that
right there obviously looks like the
ball hit the backboard and not the rim
but it's important I agree granted even
at this angle if you look the ball comes
in kind of it's not making any rotation
it's kind of dead as we go and slow
motion there which doesn't appear like
it's touched and then this is the right
board it creates new momentum so it's
almost as if it did pass through there
without making contact with it in that
last replay Jean we're being told is the
replay that they're going to draw a
conclusion off of I think rotation of
the basketball is what should determine
whether they believe that that being a
Paragon looking at this
they say it was not anything
indisputable time to change the call the
basket counts
[Applause]
Wow unbelievable here we go two minutes
now to get Williamson violet bar now
let's see if they do with Jones good
trim it turns one off the floor away
that is Griffin they've got two on there
have been six that could be a
game-changer that mistake me my reddish
down the water turn of events right
there
that was a five point swing a layup
missed layup miss duck opportunity catch
intruders be sure how bout the step up
jumper
[Applause]
his tough shot they got a piece of a toe
he had he's complaining
now to with the trip to take the lead
early track screen it's on
not fall how about the courage to take
it off the dribble and full-extension
somebody search little you city or farm
glory a really step it up big time and
that's the fourth on Allen a 58%
free-throw shooter
DeLorean
one more to tie it once Williamson
we'll quit to get in that quick hops
what taco with the rebound swarm gets it
out talent I'm gonna be temp with the
family I might have found them too
[Applause]
one minute to go
[Applause]
I would pal him if he gets a touch over
the tail
eight to shoot drives around I'm 14
Williamson's for DJ Taylor had a similar
plane earlier in the game driving hard
baseline stop it real quick and using
his body to his advantage drawing the
foul kind of jumped backwards there
knowing Williamson was behind them smart
play by BJ Taylor 2 for Taylor with 45
seconds remaining 7 out of 8 on the line
after all the games are over case
Eastern Seth Davis Brendan Haywood
Candice Parker and loyal as Chicago head
coach Porter Missouri have all the
highlights and analysis on inside March
Madness presented by Buick later tonight
only TBS wrap these situations here Duke
likes to do a little dribble drag action
getting the ball to RJ Barrett on the
hand
and go to the rim no don't settle for a
three that's the big thing out to waves
you thought about it Dawkins nine into
garden that's a train Italian rattles
out des Laurier's keeps the possession
alive with 25 seconds
took down three
[Applause]
wasted a lot of time
and upsetting Williamson driving that
taco that courage talk about attacking
put this team on your shoulder big
delivery gets read this was a one-on-one
in the end with two guys with four fouls
it wasn't a dunk on taco but it's
delivered and it was his best saying
this guy right here all night when his
team has needed him he has stepped up
and fall is it disbelief that he was
called for his fifth foul and now we'll
have to sit out let me play by Williams
it's unbelievable he was driving in
their one against BJ Taylor a guard yeah
within the strength to be able to absorb
the contact ball the finished fouls out
15 points seven rebounds and three
blocks Colin Smith comes in for him the
influence he had the deterrent he was in
that Lane Williamson a free throw to tie
it 5 out of 6 at the line
Vista comes up short
[Applause]
seconds full-court pressure
and UCF at the time out hey we'll pull
time out of setup a shot with 7.7 second
remaining
Wow RJ berry time and time again
step it up big you got a blackout and
with no taco on the floor or two that
influenced those inside or outside
positions I should say about that talk
about lint coming in handy guys was set
up now as you see again the put back
off the Miss free throw for the lead now
you got one shot here to win it at seven
point seven seconds to go I think it's
gonna be Taylor or darkens they're the
guys that they have to set something up
for whether it's a ball screen a pin
down or green loves to run baseline they
run that little triangle scent no tuck
on the floor that big out of the
inbounds definitely some sort of Aubrey
Dawkins coming off some screens for a
catching shoe but VJ Taylor he's the guy
that can make plays he's got gotten his
team he willed his team to this point
right now I imagine some sort of screen
and roll maybe a flair action didn't let
him go one-on-one and give his team a
chance to win and Taylor so many times
has been the guy to go to
and then crunch time and I mentioned it
earlier that's why they call me Jay
Taylor Big Shot Barry
of course here they they love that
little horns look to they've added time
on the clock to 8.1 added four tenths of
a second conversely Duke just has to be
solid right here defensively play solid
defense without fouling understanding
that there might be some screen a roll
action I envision they may switch that
if you don't want to foul right you see
up on the free-throw line in this
situation well they say the horns look a
guy on each elbow they have a they ran
that lob remember to brush screen they
also have a play where they run over the
top and then give a ball screen wing man
one of the elbow men gives a bump and
also Duke likes to switch a lot of
screen a roll want to slip in terms of a
screen by UCF
alright the pre turn of the favor
can it survive the last eight point one
seconds now to be Taylor or Dawkins and
you see effort for the shocker here we
go
out - Taylor Jones is autumn Taylor
driving dragon and backs it up though
survives just barely
you can't get any closer than that
unbelievable opportunity first it shot
Taylor and then the follow point-blank
great looks their feet they Taylor got
the son he wanted an arbor Dawkins done
it all all about that and he is
brokenhearted at the end of his plane
and in and out yet what an effort by
that can all game long
hahaha
[Music]
look at this tennis this tap tried every
which way possible to go down hung on
the rim and fell off
heartbreaking Alan fell to the floor at
the end of this in anguish this was
pretty special guys
[Music]
daka's who grew up first ten years of
his life his dad was an assistant at
Duke spent so many years and days being
over there at Cameron tending practices
shooting on the floor learning the game
right under the roof there at Cameron
the Anthony level program had a chance
to knock him out are the families at
such admiration for one another as well
here's the degree move of the game off
the missed free throw
Barrett with what proves to be the
winning basket that size come in handy
and Oh taco to come across the lane
duped by a fraction is heading to a
Friday night sweet 16 matchup against
either Liberty or Virginia Tech let's go
over to Tracy would you describe that
one yeah it's you can't they play great
Johnny
Aubrey holy mackerel
they were deserving of winning we hung
in there we made a couple big plays here
an RJ and Zion they they willed us and
then we were lucky but I've been unlucky
in the tournament and Waukee and I feel
bad for Johnny I'm emotional about it
because I love him and his son was
magnificent not sensational and a
magnificent
we appreciate it thank you good luck
next week
tonight on CBS begins with 60 minutes
and Hollywood icon samuel l.jackson the
new episodes have gotten friended me
NCIS Los Angeles and Madam Secretary
tonight only CBS you remember last year
the regional final the Grace and Allen
shot that almost went down and it
eliminated Duke this time it was their
opponent that came agonizingly close to
getting the shot to win it at the buzzer
both these guys hit by one of his so
much incredible game the wrath
