Montgomery and Brady to jump it up there
we go in KC winner moves on to the Elite
Eight and a Houston controls the tech
straight-up man-to-man is what you'll
see most of the time from Kentucky in
this one
Houston impressive in the victory over
Ohio State in Tulsa in the second round
Troy Davis run around pass it doesn't
take the j-stop lock it down tonight
that's a deep one Rex gets it from
Missouri
[Applause]
[Music]
39% three-point shooter gets the scoring
started
Timmy's very interested to see how
Houston comes out in this first four
five minutes of this game jab step hero
on the slip is there
that's going to be an interesting
matchup also hero fabulous season as a
young player for this Kentucky team
actually has really improved that his
defense event but Houston best shooters
on the floor tonight and his defense was
on display in Swofford handling fletcher
mcgee
stalks away by robinson try to hit davis
in the corner so how good is this
Houston team defensively they're among
the best in the nation they allow their
opponents to score 61 points per game
the shooting numbers number one opponent
field goal percentage number one
three-point percentage the big part of
this is going to be whether they start
with that or not is how well they get
problems that are made inside Calvin
Johnson the versatility of Johnson he's
played some of that power forward spot
in the absence of three Travis down the
stretch of the season yet but there are
two other things off the floor they can
allow him to do
we're here out front by Hiro Davis
scoops it up plenty of time on the shot
clock
Robinson makes his move white looking
for house eight to shoot
[Applause]
fairly stifling at the perimeter 12
instance you have to make it happen and
does with a scoop missed it we got
knocked around controlled by Montgomery
takings will push tried the crossover
and turns it over by himself
stairs and flip it home now that poor I
think but to trigger it going the other
way in a hurry for Houston 5-4 lead for
the Cougars they pride themselves with
this defensively as we just touched on
right out the chest the chest out and
this might cut me down low rate Travis
didn't see him off the double team but a
foul called on Houston it goes the other
way hits the foot of someone in the
traffic Justin and will take this all
night long if they could get it the easy
deuce foul a club on baby and white
junior
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Lux Johnson on the duck down here a
little scream there it is Johnson steps
missed it
too strong on a three tracked down by
Montgomery just a simple set to get him
in out-of-bounds jump shots on the right
corner
Higgins goes behind his back
nice look inside they converge on Travis
Montgomery on a kick Johnson to the
other side brings out the rebound
snared by Robinson and it's going the
other way as he got bumped by Higgins
watch every game live on your phone
tablet computer and favorite streaming
device with March Madness live watch now
at ncaa.com slash March Madness or
download the app today
bye for Houston as brunt best winning
percentage in the country Houston's 33
and 3 Davis gets it up the road to the
rim and Grady lost it counts at nights
love Travis
big finish then one of the things that
Kentucky does so well when they get it
pagans will generally get the ball in
his hand and trigger the offense going
down wouldn't be surprised to see them
used to get Brady in touch with two
areas of the blocks if you have to give
it to him he's left the nice double-team
wide body six eight 260 gives it up
we're down to ten
Robinson crosses on Higgins gets around
him to the lab slips it feet away he had
it to slow down just the touch to make
sure he had a path to the basket could
break down against Higgins out front
last year Kentucky the loss to Mesquite
1661 to 58 to Kansas State
both teams open up 3 of 5 from the field
here is Rafael off he's good at that
felt well defended Davis cut off the a
go Johnson dumps it inside Travis very
active he got hacked
Brady's but you really bouncing him
around down low
here comes Johnson with a nice little
finish there Travis running the floor
and use the news that delay just to get
through the middle of the floor nobody
steps across the two bigs kind of just
split to allow an easy shot there by
Euston down the middle of the floor you
will see them close that off forcing it
to the outside
Grady sits rice and Russia was in Calvin
Sampson will rotate his bigs with Grady
Gresham and Chris Harris jr. Gresham
averages that just on to four points but
he's had 18 time as points in two games
already he's been playing well the
Emmanuel quickly is it replacing
Ashton's biggest jump Hawk is down to
six hero peaks at the clock with cause
he's gonna have to go hero
pull up off the round long rebounds at
Calvin Johnson boy interesting enough
all the Houston players ran underneath
the basket just Ben Johnson trying to
walk a tightrope on the baseline and he
was forced out and I think it was Brooks
who gave him a little shove along that
baseline now look at the timeout
[Music]
good action early
now on Houston
they simply go too early in the post due
to get on punch oh hey get in his back
he's playing whips quickly in the
backcourt here I'll strip to the back
yeah - Brooks missed it too strong here
all the board
y'all floor on to get into a set quickly
here with Europe Kentucky is 3 of 3 of 2
points eyes full of threes from
three-point territories
Travis whips it to the outside as the
initial post stops Washington scores
you're gonna hear the Kentucky fans in
this building and I smiled
shetan
[Applause]
that is a sight for sore eyes if you're
a wildcat fans Big Blue Nation has been
waiting for PJ Washington to come back
and be a part of this NCAA tournament ll
they know with him healthy they can make
a clean run for the NCAA championship
[Music]
slide play by Davis and he'll go to the
free-throw line a little bit of a
reverse here you see him setting himself
up now he just glides into position
loves to go to that right side little
right jump puck he'll do that from the
left side also on the post it looked
like he was being bothered but ante by
anything with the legs
his attitude throughout has been
tremendous
the junior ball chat rhythm last week in
Jacksonville talked to him again
yesterday it's a difficult situation
because it's such a mystery
the doctors cleared him it really was up
to him at that point how much of the
pain he could handle yeah and as we
touched on beginning of the broadcast he
didn't really do a whole lot yesterday
in practice so running up the down
before it'd be interesting to see how
John Calipari spaces out his minutes
does he go with him 3 4 5 minutes to the
cup out of time heels deftly asked
Washington how he's feeling before
Jamal Baker is in for Kentucky played
very well in the first two rounds for
the Wildcats percentage of his shots of
stuff three-point shots also Higgins
using the screen from Washington shot
clock down to five
quickly spins tries to create does hit
the rim in a tree bounded by Davis
Robinson go he's quick with the
basketball left Vinson doesn't take the
three Davis may have gotten away with a
half a step too much that one Davis
pulls the trigger
George quickly the board these teams
like to push it down by Washington and
he was caught Jeff Clark was on top of
it if it's easy to call from over here
you know the officials are going to
catch it he's got a little guy down
below now watch this big swing right
there getting him off his arm was it as
bad as it looked but it was the right
call
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
tied at 8:00 13:47 to go in this first
tab 27 vault I'm sweet 16 for the
Wildcats it has been 35 years since
Houston has been at this stage of the
tournament centric Alley juniors in for
the Cougars is thinking he's being
guarded by Washington you get an
isolation not a bad time to run one Adam
catching shooting
thanks looking stroke Armani books one
of the things that Sampson and Houston
does so well as they space the floor I
and he's learned so much from this
actually as years as an NBA assistant
coach learning some different dynamics
of spacing the floor really works well
with him for his Houston club he told us
it changes that perspective
[Applause]
effort they're just done by Hagen's
almost getting a script six points early
for Kelton Johnson were tied at 10:00
consider this the cutting finish it yep
good plug my 'washington straight up no
hands coming down solve the fender comes
up these points and fill in the page
Washington at asking Lord against Brooks
Brooks at 63 not a bad idea
[Applause]
Marty books the steel that's for
Kentucky turnovers works has some good
hops he's got length with his arms I and
tuck going to lob over
[Music]
Robinson jr. he's been a part of 101
hints at Houston
[Applause]
[Music]
contested shot it grazes the rim and
truck down in the corner by Hagan spot
substitutes wait to get in this game on
the sidelines to taste pretty good
pacing about the score is an outrageous
at 10:10 coming down low Travis the
catch lost it for a moment he's
surrounded good time a little bump out
front
maybe this hit by Corey Davis jr. not a
shooting foul though with 1142 to go in
this first hand so is those guys very
talented players and Nick Richards in
for Kentucky as hero return so it's
Richards and Montgomery upfront they
looked at Richard sometimes on the loss
to the basket - that was a release out
front
yes first hit middle of the floor Tigers
down to four Higgins pulls up battle for
the loose ball and Montgomery was held
let's check out the enhanced stats
developed with Google cloud so Houston
is led in 77% of the minutes played this
season the second highest out of all
division 1 teams right now they're
dealing with some foul trouble that's
five team fouls and the second on Fabian
white junior that's where the size of
Kentucky is going to play into this just
about all the positions they have sized
and length
for his Harris jr. has checked that we
have a lot of juniors hero hands doesn't
get the wall throw it upstairs for the
rebound
correction
stage on jello transfer from UMass this
batch here with smaller Montgomery on
them he's tricky to the ball Jerome
turns it over good luck appear court
[Applause]
12:10 lead for Kentucky perfectly read
to buy hero down the other end of the
floor but a foul on Hagen's number two
on the kentucky point guard
so here's hero knowing exactly where
that pass is supposed to go and turns
the floor and a little lay in by Higgins
that's a big foul Oh early on in this
game
Higgins in that second half against
Wofford in the second round did a great
job getting to the pane and creating
either for himself or his teammates
Giroux he is fouled and he doesn't waste
any time going after quickly who just
came on the floor after the second foul
he understands that a guy coming off the
bench a good time to take advantage that
entire trip from about 15 feet away he
knew that he had him on his left hip and
he could take advantage of that drive to
the basket
bow-bow-bow quickly Jareau shoots it at
69% at the free-throw line
letting sophomores six-five 185 from New
Orleans if Calipari continues to
establish some post play none of the
things he wanted to make sure was that
his team does not post up Tebow
underneath the basket but gives himself
three or four feet away from the basket
to see if they could get some operating
room again very high praise for Hagen's
who's now on the bench he said he's
changed who we are he got in the gym a
shot at better although it's not showing
up necessarily in the games but he
creates so much based on his abilities
going towards the rim
Johnson's scoop shot his fellow so the
fouls piling up there will be a new king
in the east
Bleacher Report's original animated
series game of zones returns for season
six on Thursday April 11th watch it on
the be our app has six fouls for Houston
five for Kentucky Montgomery and
Richards head to the bench for Kentucky
and PJ Washington is back in with Travis
Houston a little deeper
which adventures in Kentucky is
[Applause]
immanuel quickly rushman handling the
point guard duties now for the Wildcats
Travis double-team a hard double and a
push at the same time Melvin Sampson not
happy at all on his sideline over there
so you know when they go to the back
they go to the bench or the post a
little double-team right there and it's
just a not much of a foul by Gresham
just then and it's going to sentry
Travis to the free-throw line that is 17
fouls against Houston and was relatively
quick - wasn't it 10 minutes more
importantly that's exactly now what
Kentucky should do they should establish
the blocks as much as they can
Washington back on the floor read Travis
at the line you'll see him out the
blocks exchanging with one another in
terms of setting each other up with with
screens across the baseline Leon Grady
is returned
the chief point lead for Kentucky
[Applause]
[Music]
Grady's a guy that want to get some
touches down low - they don't post it up
all that much Turo gives up his dribble
but we're not giving up anything on the
defensive end to the point freshmen mr.
gallery bounding Travis clears
there he is wide open Washington slams
it down now it's one thing to slam it
down by how fast that he can't get down
the floor I think that's even more
important that he's able to run an
outrun guys who are supposed to be
beating him down the floor
he stops hesitates and the flairies
finds a quick slide the catch and
deliver that is a good sign for Kentucky
that he stuck the landing he sure did
it just gives him another dynamic on
ffensive LY there's that post finally
they get it - not a good pass out of the
post though
Kentucky steals it away with quickly
Houston gets back defensively they try
to get really pretty involved inside
this concentration of coaching you set
up a play with your period timeout and
then throw a bad pass it's 14 4 in the
paint in favor of the Wildcats
Washington to us triple T open look so
neat now set it's a three well quickly
x' numbers from the three-point line are
a little bit better than Hagen's so he's
a guy that will shoot it
Hagen's maybe a little better off the
dribble Jerome
the American Athletic Conference Sixth
Man of the Year de Jean Giraud that ends
of Seminole Kentucky runs with the
season shooting the ball tonight getting
off to a good start as his numbers have
been coming down with his minutes
Washington connects along to Porter PJ
Washington not showing any ill effects
too high
Williamson like isn't it coming out
after not playing for a period of time
14 Kentucky
Davis has yet to get it going
step from Ally leads to it your own
kitchen look at them work on the glass
Kentucky ball at the native Kentucky
shooting 56% and I had some times when
guys come back when they haven't played
for fury to time they can be kind of
like a distraction especially on the
offensive end it is just the total
opposite time to go running things to
Washington and another foul called Tyco
defense there Brady was using the body
on re Travis and one in one here for the
Minneapolis native who is hoping to go
to the final four and play in his
hometown second foul on three on Brady
the rebounding numbers right now Jimmy
lopsided 12 three in favor of Kentucky
the Houston Binx power forward centers
one rebound Travis comes up short we
check in with Jamie here at all
Jenny inching closer to Minneapolis he's
read Travis playing in that hometown he
said he's taking a day by day
emotionally it could be a lot with
being able to play in front of that
hometown crowd but at this point he's
trying to focus on the small picture in
winning one game at a time
never did me play in the NCAA tournament
Jamie Witt Stanford so came to Kentucky
with the idea that he would get this
experience in the blow ba he lays it in
the kid reads just been on read Travis
cuz he Adam blinds up the block on the
left side that's a perfect time to go to
the opposite side to let the big guy get
snow drifting by you the two fouls on
Grady Chris Harris jr. is back in for
Houston and it's a five-point lead for
Kentucky
hero feeds every time they touch in the
blocks are getting double-teamed nice
deflection here they say that yes they
do
intercepted by Houston good work just
then by Davis Robinson and Davis get it
cooking here for the Cougars and they
have to kind of force the action a
little bit got Washington Garden both on
the right to cross Robinson leaves it
inside take it away
break opportunity Johnson to hero for
the easy land that's a three on one
break because they lose it live ball
turnover in the middle of the floor you
don't even have to think about getting
into the middle of the floor cuz that's
where the play started his matches
Kentucky's largest lead we approached
six minutes to go in his first
now they're just not allowing you to run
their sets Robinson penetrates flips it
up and in
Nayland Robinson Jr his dad played for
Houston was a 1,000 points scorer back
in his day truck shot to just any
company z0 got bumped
no call on the outside Davis closed the
airspace opportunity for him switching
hands beautiful decision to buy Quintero
may have gotten hit he was trying to at
least buy a foul out there from the
three-point line a terrific released in
the basket though it all the sudden
Houston's one of these teams of the four
here tonight and has the ability to
score quickly
yes very streaky on offense to push it
down there they gotta get again
or time him
Washington Hinton brings a physical
mentality to the floor Calvin Sampson
said one day he will be a captain of
this team watch this down Washington is
very good at establishing post position
if any slides away from it goes down
those two guys are battling pretty good
so it's Washington to the free-throw
line
67% this season
doesn't send it appears to be breathing
too hard no it's been a lot of smiles
for PJ at practice yesterday just didn't
do a whole lot - it was hard to gauge
what Washington's role would be here
tonight he participated in practice
yesterday with moji
probably spent the most time in the last
ten minutes of the clock is working on
some post up moves with no defenders
just to lift and land that seems okay
now but landed on that right leg a lot
more than both ways yeah yeah she spread
it out a little bit
seems to be affected by it that
Washington century approach five minutes
to go in this first half Kentucky leads
by five votes in shooting well it's wild
dentist 56% Houston at 50% look at the
spacing on the floor to it son using a
screen hit Rogers up to shrunk the box
out there by three Travis he's really
clears the Lord well defensively
extended actions as quickly when Higgins
picked up that second foul he thought he
sits the right quickly is playing right
now probably get a citrus to this floor
and a half look a little bit of the
weeds Johnson looked at Roy
[Applause]
[Music]
largest lead in the first half for
Kentucky its eighth up in Kentucky's
mixing it up very nicely they're looking
to the blocks not necessarily looking
every possession but it's work because
they have found trouble event in on
their side John's on the jab step short
on the J knocked back to the outside
Davis try to create missed it rebound
rip down gone
byxis squeeze in the middle of the floor
eating there just right there waiting
for the drugs on the power side and also
coming from the weak side this first
half is flying by we are under four
minutes to go
lately the over play that help there's
when Harris hero quit cut the holder
it's pure top I used no choice but to
call this time out this game was tied at
12
Kentucky has gone on an extended
eighteen to eight run fact of the matter
is Kentucky that the shooting lights out
they're having their way with them too
by the way Houston has 9,000 they only
have eight field goals in this game out
of the timeout Davis big defender
against him and he draws the foul
doesn't shine he's not going to shy away
that's for sure and he's a great
free-throw shooter 87% who delivered the
Buick expectations shattering
performance of the day tune in to inside
March Madness presented by Buick and
find out sixth team foul against
Kentucky Davis with a total of 47 points
in the two games in the NCAA tournament
and really lighten it up has that
ability to just really fire it up and
the skill set is very diverse
he's not just a wee boy who walks
you can find crash when you get to the
rim and is certainly a pest offensively
leading the perimeter defense for
Houston
he fence has to step it up a notch right
now Kentucky is running the half court
sets through the post again
Johnson fakes on a three ball movement
leads to bigger sends old paper missed
it with an air ball Baker's a
three-point shooter high percentage of
his shots come from three three they
come they're coming at you down you see
that coming could you timeout John
Calipari
I think he's talking about his team that
last night now make sure we get a smooth
defensive stance right here make
Kentucky work boy under three minutes to
go here in the first half Baker gives it
up we're double comes to Travis heroes
raisin Johnson penetrated said it was
partially blocked Harris there to greet
him around Travis let alone out of time
cause a very good defensive effort just
then as touched on I was thinking John
Calipari looking for a foul down low
there might have been some grabbing
going on underneath the basket but
Calvin Sampson sends this the quick
message to his guys we need a stop on
that possession
this is a Houston team that jacks up a
lot of threes the 19th in the country in
three-point attempts 45 and a half per
game Robinson missed it Pat's got a hand
on it
and here comes Kentucky Kentucky's God
chocolates three points defense numbers
one that nearly as good as their
conference hero gyro
tracking him the whole time in a foul is
assessed now this was earlier Rory Davis
jr. after the make then came down on the
other end and took a shot
there yep
and bringing in two years there that is
the tenth foul against Houston
[Applause]
Tyler hero does not miss how about this
Luther members that is 37 in a row for
hero 67 of his last 68 Montgomery in
Baker sits it is picture-perfect every
time he shoots the basketball not by
chance by practice textbook yep perfect
and he barely hits the rim on his free
throws
[Applause]
32:24 kentucky's you had two minutes to
go first half
here in Kansas City Richard Davis there
was online
to be able to get that shot if they're
gonna switch a big like Montgomery on
him why not go for it
[Music]
to tuck the patient here on the
offensive end Hill took a piece over a
Calipari tried to drop it inside Travis
gets down on the floor kicks it out
leads to a friendly chat he many walk
quickly from downtown gonna tell you one
thing that - ayah that Travis really
really plays aggressively at hard he
really goes after that's what was up for
grabs and he just said to himself I'm
going to go
and make something happen at practice
yesterday John Calipari challenged an
annual quickly from long distance Adam
shooted over
forgetting he kept making them Davis was
tied up by Montgomery they looked to
push against one minute to go first half
the lead is 11 for Kentucky all Hearn
has already advanced it could be an all
SEC a lead 8 matchup if Kentucky takes
care of business against Houston the
Cougars have other ideas to shoot hero
Montgomery gathers and scores the
rebounding is this dominant right now
[Music]
overall numbers are big but the
offensive glass they are just going to
town Kentucky is 82 7
[Applause]
it's also
Kentucky controlling the glass there's a
three and a half second different shut
off the game properly and a Seminole
squirt of the
2:07 gonna go in a hurry Tyrone shaken
bitch to get some points on the board
before the break 37:26 Kentucky AT&T at
the half coming up first half analysis
we'll get an update on Virginia Tech and
Duke plus the latest NCAA tournament
news all coming up on AT&T at the half
now you talk about timing um play pretty
nicely there it goes up that imaginary
ladder to finish this one off
John Calipari with our own Jimmy hurtle
coach you've been able to establish
points in the paint why was that
important against this opponent in
particular
they're gonna trap the post which means
you got to get rid of it and do it on
the weak side and we did a pretty good
job Emanuel quickly like I talked about
all week was going to be huge in this
game because he can make threes and he's
got to let balls go but I think we're
playing pretty well defensively now we
got 20 minutes this team has not given
up what they've done all year has been
in these kind of games and they just
keep coming
what you see from PJ Washington really
good really happy thank such all right
Jamie end of the first half with
Kentucky leading Houston 37 to 26 much
more still to come from Kansas City
Missouri we'll send you to AT&T at the
half after this message and a word from
your local station yeah that that change
of pace has been the bread and butter
for Houston throughout the season and
has led them to a 33 and 3 record and a
tremendous season in the America well
they're gonna have to make it happen on
the defensive end to get things started
the first three or four minutes of this
half and they come out with a little
better intention on the ball right now
you can see that real took perimeter
defense here of a sweet big move for two
a little addition to his game as the
season has worked its way through a very
good pull up shooter good three shooter
but the drives that got better and
better
Tyler hero now with
points to catch a shooting gave us food
nearly wedged in there there's class you
were ready I was ready always ready for
the wedding who weekend 21 that quiet
it's right out for you it is it's always
for me Johnson misses it nice effort
Montgomery's Travis comes away with it
for Kentucky to work with Kent did not
give Kentucky this much to opportunity
and extra shots very difficult and they
start hit the boards Higgins playing
with those two fouls hero forced to give
it up man that give no shot there by
hero post up using the double-team this
where are they
Travis the bounce Montgomery could not
squeeze it Houston is changeovers
Kentucky just can't get by this wall
though I am looking at it's a constant
wall and they come down the floor the
John Calipari have set up ready to check
in going the other way some pushing and
shoving underneath as Brady got in there
for the rebound third foul on Bree on
Brady Koch is introducing delicious
orange vanilla coke it's orange and
vanilla
and delicious
baby in white who was in there with his
third weave through traffic catch to the
hole that he's fouled they gotta force
the action you stand they're gonna
continue to push this ball for the paint
they're gonna try to get down the floor
in a hurry before the bigs for Kentucky
get the set up see the little delay
through the legs nice crossover so often
you see that crossover just that in
front of you but you could do it through
your legs and it's just as effective and
Jimmy that's the third foul on Ashton
Hagen's with 205 elapsed in this second
half Robertson shoots it at 66% quickly
who played well John Calipari mentioned
to Jimmy ogle at halftime now in press
key was wood quickly and how big a role
he thought he would play in this game
because of his perimeter presence
[Applause]
Robinson has been terrific facilitator
for this Houston Squad
it doesn't score a lot but they needed
him to store more tonight buffoon was
two for two them just hit your point I
for the three points strife in the first
half
hero backs it up Robinson swiping at the
ball Washington is back in they send a
double-team that's a tough basket
stepped into by Davis just then off the
diagonal feed Davis intercepted three
cougar basketball get it go spread the
floor look to that open shot 3931
Kentucky much now with eight points
first half would watch things out before
they featured him here I've got a buck
Johnson APD and Sun Washington turns
gives it up Travis after double
Washington for the jam Washington still
has the list the interior passes to buy
the fix for Kentucky one gets double
teams he releases it the other gets
double-teamed he releases 10-point
cushion for the Wildcats Davis two feet
inside brady spins and tosses it away
you hit on it watch you come right back
to him now watch the elevation legs look
good finishes five a little bit of a
glare
[Applause]
the numbers on PJ Washington 10 points
for from the keel in his return
[Music]
played by Robinson Washington which is
15 off the season so he's getting pretty
close to his a question submitted
minutes it's very efficient foul called
on Robinson out front and Houston's
frustration growing from the coach to
the players on the floor watch masters
live for exclusive video of Amen Corner
15 and 16 and featured grooves watch
live of a CBS 4 tab CBS sports.com and
masters calm the new students to be very
careful ID to make sure that they don't
start reaching with the hands the last
thing they need is foul trouble and foul
trouble much they happen the first half
in a hurry of the first 10 minutes or so
zero gives up his dribble tries to spin
on Robinson who's a good defender
Washington off the double shot clock
winding down quickly from two at-bats
Rikai Travis over the top three Travis
was trying to create some space for
himself to rebound that miss
a reaction from the crowd here to call
to our left I would say a sarcastic one
I would agree with you
facetious a little bit big to take down
Kentucky up by 10 used to try to cut
into it you're a much better defender
that he gets credit for soldiers city
loss did a nobody touched it it's kind
of about their game sounds like okie
Kieffer now is doubtful to play
corroborate on Sunday
it did not look promising for Okeke
Auburn Kentucky so familiar with one
another out of the SEC Houston trying to
make a move here against the Wildcats
with 1519 to go second and that will
help Corey Davis jr. the gunner from
three-point territory when you forget
about Davis is not only is a good catch
and shoot player from long range but on
the run they're very very good and they
look the spot up just like they did that
trap so especially with those rebounds
kicking out Johnson in and out it was
half way down strong for Travis
everybody who catches it down well for
Kentucky is beating the double-team the
turtle team so they don't have to make
good judgments in terms of going
straight up with it or kick it back out
seven one at the offensive glass in
favor of the Wildcats just a
good-looking stroke yeah he's got a four
or five inch size advantage over
Robinson so he knows that he could get
the shot off and I'll tell you what you
know you're not going to get your shot
blocked you could shoot it a lot better
see also it's long gone
610 wingspan and that helps him on the
defenses as you alluded
earlier maybe in white jr. one-on-one
with Washington the Testament off the
back in too short
see they're just not get good lucks
Washington what that awkwardly but he
popped right up
it's controlled by Kentucky's
[Applause]
43:34 wildcats six minutes gone by in
the second half all the dressing a
little bit of a falling down there they
get retry passes at right in the middle
move it a bit robinson was trying to
work around him and Travis gets tagged
with a personal every trip to the middle
of the floor is kind of like with the
double-team and the help it's been an
adventure even the guards when they're
driving the long length of Kentucky is
really playing a factor defensively
Baker back in quickly since sort of CJ
Washington and Higgins returns
[Applause]
John Calipari said hey maybe the tha
injury helped us because it allowed
Khaldun to place him for Baker was used
at the three of course they're not as
good without CJ Washington the shotguns
Corey Davis jr. most fairly well
defended two by hero on the left side he
cut him off at the baseline but Davis
has that ability foot long and short to
be able to get things going off the
balance he's in double figures 10:40 at
was just 17 spur games here
although it's an air ball
here's the extra dribble right to the
middle of the floor
and a little floater
that's an interesting call - here are
the suspenders up 2 feet short on the
jump shot now this hopper be off but
that's for sure John Calipari good subs
back in Richards Washington get the bigs
ready to suck Davis track down with work
by teammate Hinton sure was he got load
to the floor to catch that off the easy
early bounce they show give us a double
he tips it in chop the foot nearly goes
Cheers and a new shot clock for Houston
Davis's start to take the load over
though is it ease really start to get
aggressive that was a beautiful move
that he just took get the dropped
reference in shifting gears yes nice try
you drag all the Kentucky players up to
the middle of the floor
[Applause]
gentlemen Samson is fired up on the
sidelines he is in his thirtieth year
overall as a head man Montana Tech
Washington state Oklahoma Indiana and
he's gotten his team to within five a
drought here for Kentucky as 12 for one
for the Cougars Richards can put a lot
of cats
Hagen's penetrates gives it up Richards
down baseline Jay no rebound
Johnson for Kentucky worked so hard
Kelton Sansa's over to just cringing on
that offensive rebound because he had
his team ready to defend take a look at
those feet offensive boards
Meagan's draws a lot of offenders so
Johnson takes it to the cup mr. Tippin
goes the length of Richard 7 wingspan
he's got the size he's got some power to
in addition to that wingspan he gets off
the floor in a hurry offensive rebounds
in second-chance points adding up for
Kentucky again 45:38
Wildcats out of bounds
Houston will retain so you try to keep
them off the glass you just can't it's a
24 to 13 lead off the boards
good response by Washington
the team is trying to keep Davis
commitment trapped and his shot offline
out of the timeout
and a foul to booth the third foul on
Bryson Gresham a kitten heads to the
bench for Houston we have 11 and a half
to go in this second half
three fouls on white three on Brescia
two on Brady those are the three pigs
[Music]
dumping Sampson lunch to use in rotation
sometimes as this throw it up against
the glass to go get it
a little bit of a reach in after that
wild shot just then by Johnson and he'll
pick up the foul so team fouls for on
Kentucky three on Houston may be
surprised to see Calvin Sampson Cup just
with maybe a half-court trap just to
break things up to change it up a little
bit throw a variation in there
Robinson's couldn't find an opening
David skips it up wide open look reven
gathered Gresham saves whoops
Armani Brooks
dead-on from the corner depression
continues to give them good numbers and
it just kind of raised them up
defensively
led by Davis out front look at his
defensive positioning
the Kentucky lead is down to four and a
foul inside with Gresham banging bodies
against Nick Richards as number four on
Russia that were can you fill an open
spot on the floor so Chris Harris jr.
will check in the spell Gresham a junior
replacing a sophomore fourth team foul
against the Cougars Johnson at the
corner he's going the opposite baseline
this time shuffle defeat assured and he
may have gotten away with that left arm
leading also on so it will take the
travel over the offensive foul but
that's ten Kentucky turnovers they
turned it over just nine
without defending houston's start and
get a little bit of a climb little bit
of the momentum back in their strides at
the half-court offense
45:41 Kentucky under the double-team
could somebody come help in release next
comes to the ball lost his footing 10 to
shoot
straight line drive missed it on the
inside and Travis gobbles it up and a
foul given yeah I think that kicked they
thought that white was hurt and that's
why Robinson grabbed them and white is
little banged up there with his left
knee limping just a bit and Robinson
called in the foul because he didn't
want a break opportunity for Kentucky
yeah this could have been done easily
the five on three break they make a
decision there it also gives it their
fifth team foul
[Music]
while that's up by four he's going to
step forward off offensively for
Kentucky well yet Washington's the flock
sentiment touches the whole lot here he
is right now remember he can hit that
15-footers giveaway yeah
miscommunication actually a pretty good
time to go back door for hero Tracy
Morgan Tiffany Haddish are back at the
TBS original series the last og
premiering Tuesday 10:30 p.m. only on
CBS
Robinson tonight he can get across
middle of the lane white good news they
flipped it up the plastic the rebound
bounced to LAX it sucks up Davis misses
on a three ball the second half scores
15 to 8 Houston bacons the penetration
hero on the move picked up by Davis 0
for 2 and that's that rhythm genre
absolutely fabulous with that pull-up
jump shot when he gets his legs in the
rhythm of the dribble but underneath him
he gets good lift on it and he's very
crabs me with that travel creating space
with the jab step 27:41 Wildcats that
past is dead Davis had a recruit almost
kicked it away he's fortunate that it
wasn't a turnover
Robinson forces his way in can't finish
it too much traffic with the banks
they're affecting every drop of a loot
ahead so Johnson
and Hiro wisely backs it out the Davis
here a matchup is a good one no question
about it
[Applause]
get off the street
[Music]
one on one jump on me to get your shot
off - satis you buy travel good call
from the officials you tried a little
bit of a hero there look at the bigs
they just keep becoming a factor in
Washington
and they will take a look at here on
watch he's gonna set himself on one
little dribble away good elevation sweet
shot second half turnovers Kentucky has
popped it up six times Houston just two
turnovers but the shooting numbers are
not up to par
[Applause]
for the Cougars
[Applause]
27:41 Houston only gone by six no they
haven't scored in three minutes the
Jeonju rule is implemented up short the
open jumpers have death they're not
and he drives to the basket of being so
contestant that it's making them fit
twice as the weather to drive through
there I think you still have to go after
maybe he'll intense training actions
Houston has missed its last five shots
the action didn't drop mister for the
left hand Travis is in for the lead oh
that had never hit the rim shot clock is
down to seven they just recognized it
back quickly
foul called on the floor
Jamie an impressive resume this year for
Houston that wins over Oregon and LSU
Cincinnati at UCF Oklahoma State st.
Louis Utah state talking about a bunch
of NCAA Tournament teams and we talk to
Calvin Sampson asked him when did you
know that you maybe had something said
early in the season you don't know how
good you are and teams don't know how
bad they might be does everybody's
feeling one another out that BYU gained
a lot of our jack but how well they did
on the road in their conference to
within nine games they were eight and
one and that kind of tilted into the
favor that they were pretty good
basketball team as a hero misses a free
throw down there right that just doesn't
happen
Marie Travis ended up on the hardwood
John Calipari I was going to say he's an
official over there making the call to
travel let's see if he gets it right
Monica contact to third foul on re
Travis and it's going to send your row
to the free-throw line
I don't think he walked and I think that
was a pretty good call I think he's
talking to you when he's doing that to
me waving you off Terrell shoots it at
69% foul trouble we've documented
Houston's issues Hagen's and travis now
with three apiece Houston is eight of
ten at the free-throw line after that
misfire oh I think a little more
pick-and-roll action step you stood up
front
is that we book it to somebody the fight
went through the middle of the floor
here Oh cousin take the three it looks
like he's moving pretty well to me
Washington we've documented that all
evening long he was crying
here he comes around his corner gets
that right shoulder in tucked in away
and gets the defender away
eight team foul against Houston
Kentucky is six of eight at the
free-throw line Washington is now two
out of three Richard's back in he
replaces Reed Travis and for Houston
Nate Hinton sits
[Applause]
Paris on the floor with Brooks Robinson
Washington misses on a pair
they come looking to push as fast as
they can to beat them down the floor the
Kentucky's balance is pretty good
defensively Turo nice lump around city
[Applause]
settle in here with six thirty two to go
his left hand he came down awkwardly on
that correct
drives doesn't take the shot instead
look still hero got his hands on it
Chirag controls it for a moment
who wants the trapdoor eventually to get
a blowing whistle and possession arrow
to Houston
[Applause]
it was the second time that you wrote
went down he's still holding that left
hand goes up for grabs see him number 13
watch he goes back down trying to get
rid of the ball good after play
everybody three four guys involved with
it
Houston has missed its last six shots to
shoot a 29% in the second half
[Music]
flexing
that left hand he grabbed the wrist area
yeah
[Music]
47:42 Kentucky we approach six minutes
to go
there's that pitch control they don't go
with it looks lost it tight defense
there from Johnson and they're gonna
have to call the timeout disjointed said
good time out though
five-point game in Kansas City winner
goes to the Elite Eight there's nine to
shoot the earth under six minutes to
play
Robinson with
Martin had a funny rotation on it to
that fall in the air but nothing but the
bottom just static
look at Davis the leader out front right
here defensively for three of the night
for my books it's 47 45 Kentucky hero a
lot of contact the tonight offensive
foul on heroes Robinson absorbs this so
some are going to say that the defender
is moving just then and he is and he's
allowed to move on that who creates the
contact is it the offense for the
defense I would say that it was heroes
left shoulder that comes in and here
comes Brooks over the top a huge bucket
prior to that from the fingers seven
second half turnovers for Kentucky this
is a two-point game Davis you got
somebody who's open there you go don't
look inside maybe in the white jr. is
headed to the free-throw line so there's
the play for senior guard just then with
Davis eye and he doesn't rush it to his
play he gets there and what does he do
he gets Washington to bite defensively
and then the guys aren't ready that
trend there's an easy call for the
officials you notice the difference the
last few drives they've had almost from
so far out that the kentucky wall was
set up that time not time enough
baby in a white Junior
to see the native from Texas one of the
two
shut the Kentucky lead too
guards versus old guards will it play
into this young team very young to
Kentucky up missing now this has been a
long scoring drought for Kentucky
Washington passes out of the gutter the
resource
Paige in Washington scores on the
internet that was the top that shown
that was a twister putting it through
4946 Wildcats
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm trying to give it up Davis comes to
the bones and going to the Washington
Washington wall Davis off the rebound
Harris saves it an attempt by hero just
then new shot clock
no Armani Brooks missed it
- Tara
[Applause]
[Music]
than from an official standpoint Jeff
Clark will come over to talk to Chris
Pratt's tether about it they're going to
change it has to work they can't go to
the monitor the Houston bench was irate
yes were the players it was Hagen's at
the last one who died in it right throat
good work by the officials to get that
right and the way Hagen's went after the
ball indicated he did touch Amana guilty
let me go see if I can get it
Galen Robinson juniors will trigger it
for a change
[Applause]
from downtown nice call they've been
right they ran that practice a half a
dozen times
Justin and to make sure they get a good
look at the bounds it's a simple place
but when you execute it well
[Applause]
Jackson tomorrow
Davis Houston can take the lead really
look at the push with a tough score now
they slow it down the touch isn't
looking for some movement here
Davis watch by hero 15 to shoot neither
these two teams are going to back off
here that's why this just got the four
minutes of the sensational Davis curls
Corey Davis jr. creativity the clutching
of the basketball just then and
reloading
when he goes through the way looking for
contact it is a 10-2 run Houston in
front 51 to 49 I'm gonna check that two
out fun and it's baby and white junior
who found BJ Washington it's not a
high-scoring game but it's been an
exciting one Brooks goes to the deep
corner nefarious shot on the inbounds
pass and blocks this one down reload on
the way down
fourth foul called on Phoebe and white
junior PJ Washington goes to the
free-throw line
so it's Duke Michigan State Sunday on
CBS
classic Paul Byrd has already advanced
to in KC Washington hits on the first
the fact that Washington is played and
played so effectively for Kentucky has
been an immense story did not shoot up
last week for the lung foot injury he
that he averaged about 29 minutes a game
throughout the course of the season he's
probably in the 23 raids right now
[Applause]
time of six-year season we are knotted
up at 51 a feast where the space into
the floor look at s deep why Brooks
didn't even give him a chance the
totally spaced out the floor
[Applause]
Cantus say it go thank you we're
covering both sides they don't watch
[Applause]
I'll call they've got restroom on the
floor as that shop is in the air Brooks
now with 20 points five 3-pointers of
this pearl here I look at this you just
stand there and stand still shoot but
catch it shoot as well as anybody
college basketball I said that suppose
read Travis goes to the free-throw line
double bonus here Gretchen is fouled out
zone twice aggression with the corner
and white is playing with four fouls
Travis a 74% shooter
[Applause]
[Music]
this is why he came to Kentucky there's
this experience and he has kept the
Houston lead to walk and the use of
defense has really ramped up in the
second half of this game
clamping down on Kentucky let's see what
they do here nothing this is a team that
likes the tension shoot
watch out of the post here he comes that
was a heat check for Brooks he just
pointed to his chest indicated his
mistake yeah because he was flying into
his left just eight you know how
difficult that is the relay with
straight Washington short white tried to
tap it to his teammate Harris and
Kentucky will hold on to it so
Washington gets the ball to post I
wouldn't say that's a short shot because
of lack of elevation work or strength or
jump into that shoddy just comes up
short on him Kentucky shot 56% of the
first half in shooting 32% of the second
half
kay Hagan's got a little bumped plenty
of time on the shot clock we approached
two minutes to go a one-point game the
acceleration
Paul pagans is going to the line smart
play by Hagen's just then remember he's
not the three-point shooter out there so
he tries it as a good shot easy call for
the officials Chris Harris jr. will pick
up the personal and Ashton Hagen's the
freshman from Barbourville Georgia has
tied this game up 75 percent on the
season mr. basketball in the state of
Georgia originally committed to the
University of Georgia reclassified and
ended up the Kentucky and it gives the
Wildcats at one point lead Giroux back
in with the tape left hand to left wrist
I should say and Chris Harris jr. to the
bench
they like to know his ability to put it
on the floor and make something happen
going towards the paint I think that's a
good substitution two minutes to play in
Kansas City 5554 Kentucky
[Applause]
Tyrell one on one with Washington try
[Music]
was crafty and I try to put him in the
game they love his ability to put it on
the floor and make things happen
Houston up by one Hagen's penetrates
somebody had to help them good job there
by Jackson here are leaps it inside the
park double comes on Travis go ahead
travel turnover Kentucky
Mel Brooks coming at it from the middle
of the floor I did a little quick
shuffle so he was getting ready to make
the move here yeah it does you see him
lifted up he didn't go anywhere with it
but he did a little up three times they
are bringing the double-team on every
entry pass Calipari wanted before that
play was a travel
you stood up like water
Davis bitches move on the drive the
teardrop goes
Corey Davis jr. what's Houston it's run
by three one a confident Bunch right now
Calipari has the call time out think
things over drive in terms of getting in
traffic just check this out on watch him
reload it and get up higher than the
thing to go get it run a formalist rhyme
of the no circumstances Houston is
batted back
they lead it 58 to 50 where they like to
go to Washington on the blocks
Washington turns
[Applause]
a chance to tie the free-throw line for
the Wildcats things that Washington has
done all season long we talked about him
getting better but watch him body up
into the middle lane and finish it off
so understanding the scouting reports
you got to know that they're going to
get it to him
where was the double-team it was late he
went quickly off the one bounce a
sensational call by John Calipari to get
it to one of their strengths Jimmy baby
and white jr. has fouled out white is
out Gresham is out to Kelvin Sampson's
are done for the night with 55.8 to play
you can almost play a two-for-one right
now if you want if you're Euston and
make sure you take the good shot down
you don't want to keep the long with the
man shot oxygen misses of the free-throw
line rebound and kicking and it's saved
by Gerald
58 57 Houston
[Applause]
touchscreen they like behind screen
without of 37 seconds to play Davis
talks to do itself
Washington blocked
Kentucky's down by one
[Applause]
three on the defensive effort by
Kentucky they're late
coming into play as it had in the first
half they step it up and hop out here oh
just remarkable in terms of the way this
freshman has stepped up all season long
to shoot it Tyler here Oh
it's a machine he sure is and that's a
defensive machine right there timing
that play perfectly enough to stamping
the scouting report and look at Hiro he
couldn't wait and I mean he couldn't
wait for that ball to get his fingertips
a big moment and the freshman delivers
now the question becomes whether the
guards for Kentucky will stay at home
let's see who ends up get the ball to
bring it up Robinson's taking it out
he's probably the guy he's going to try
to make a happen he's a very very
competitive guy who can switch over
right now
time outs 20 seconds to go and they
found a hero with 13.7 to play wood and
Kentucky fall for this play on if he
could just not come up nobody home at
first he goes around the corner and
actually a pretty good defensive job
there by Hagen's who doesn't look at
this though nobody is hold a one-on-one
no van Hagen's kind of squeezes on him
and cuts the angle down along the
baseline
Ashton Higgins who is an excellent
leader is so composed for a freshman
held his ground against the senior Corey
Davis junior and now it's hero
15.7 on the clock and Houston has to get
ready he probably he doesn't miss very
often so think it through make sure you
block out a case he does the lead is
three
the way houston could push the ball off
the floor they could get it down the
floor and get to him on this playoff
site trying to make this a
two-possession game unless they sense in
a hurry as they're coming down a good
but John Calipari that allows us up to
come in I'm out of time out of the
substitution maker checks in 1347 to go
Houston down by Ford's provinces each
one for works
without steps by Washington
[Applause]
and Kentucky hold on
[Applause]
transit finish to the Elite Eight
and Houston's storybook season is over
62 58 Kentucky the Cougars chances
[Music]
PJ Washington with the block to trigger
it the other way for the Wildcats
against defensive play of the game just
then to close things down and here's a
pretty decent shot by Hiro
the youngsters stepping up from long
range
Houston clawed back against this
Kentucky squad the Kentucky ends the
game on a Seminole run and they're
moving on to the Elite Eight we go to
Jamie Ergo
joy and jubilation down here celebrating
pj washington's outing to send kentucky
v8
what's his foot exactly PJ I'll ask you
how's that foot feeling now it's really
good I mean I don't feel no pain right
now a lot of journaling it's probably
gonna be hard later so I'm gonna get
home get some treatment and just get
ready for the next we're in coach you
had a pretty good lead at the half but
they challenged you down the stretch
what closed this game out especially in
the final minute there well we gave up
threes Kelvin I had to get him having
foot Gabe the poor kid then he took a
tough shot I'm like what are you doing
but we went back to posting him and read
and PJ makes that three-point play makes
those free throws we make a nice three
but they don't go away I mean you send
us an outstanding team and we were lucky
to win but we're happy what does it say
about this young man next to you that he
had to sit and watch two wins last
weekend but come out the way he did
tonight
we don't win today if he doesn't play he
did not go through the shooter round
today
foot was bothering breaking news and I
just didn't know if he was playing I
asked him right before are you gonna be
able to go he said I'm going I said
second half do you want to start nope
bring me off the bench I'm fine so team
player had done great really proud of
him he faced a familiar face in the sec
foe in Auburn how do you feel about that
they're playing great Wow are they
playing good
all right thanks coach PJ how does it
feel to send this team off to another
Elite Eight feels great I mean I've
never been so they should be here but
all these teammates and beautiful fans I
mean I can't thank God enough so it
sounds like you weren't sure if you
could go but what was the deciding
factor for you I had to I didn't want to
let my teammates down I knew if I was in
the game I feel like we had a chance to
win so I just sucked it up and I came
out to play how did Houston particularly
challenge you guys tonight and how did
you overcome it are they fought in the
second half make shots rebound the ball
really well and medicine made us take
dumb shots on the offensive end so
they're a really great team and I'm just
happy we came out and got a win just so
we hear one more time I'll ask you again
what's your pain level 0 to 10 right now
[Music]
thank you thank you
