John Beilein trying to get Michigan in
the sweet 16 for the fourth time in the
last six seasons and we are underway
Michigan comes out there man-to-man
defense they will mix defenses
throughout the game the left hand goes
for Brianna Brady they didn't even score
the other night he's got the opening -
it's a couraging establish your offense
at point-blank range
then with Houston to go man
the topped up from long-range wrap
Simpson at the point for the ovaries is
Matthews he had 20 and 11 in a win over
Montana five on the shot clock
he's gonna have to go straight up with
it off the mark and the rebound belongs
to Devin Davis Rey's vision his ability
to see the floor works it with the play
making Houston pulls it back out
right on the dribble ten seconds on the
shot clock
Wagner comes out to double-team and now
he's going to have to hurry to get a
shot away beam will take it bet he won't
get it
good crowd there by Michigan trying show
multiple jerseys on Gray's catches
not give them any scenes with lanes to
the basket
I bare rock mine miss the tree but it's
kept alive in the fresh shot clock for
Michigan they'll go right back up with
another three doing all do it
that's your boy at the other ones in
Houston
[Applause]
he's bringing a basket so far nice spin
move to the baseline good looking move
but also not only this used to dumping
the ball inside but trying to go at
vogner to get an early foul smart
strategic thinking if I counted Sampson
wait up ladies got a season average
couple minutes and now we've got a
moving screen I'm bothered just what
John Beilein would not want to happen
early for the Wolverines
[Music]
Jonathas eleventh season in Ann Arbor
here's Wagner and didn't get set kind of
a hip check there that's why coach
beeline was talking to his guards about
wait until the screen or is set so I did
not go too fast
vulnerable situation to the call to the
moving screen Brady
feeling his oats not a battle for the
rebound picked up the plow
[Applause]
good start though form
knowing aggressively to the that the
junior we talked about in the first game
you know coming out of the locker room
pregame and halftime is when you really
get a glimpse an indication of what
[Applause]
[Music]
issues are going to be a Michigan doll
[Applause]
we get another look
last touched on the inside by Devin
Davis
[Applause]
tusky of the life right now Ibaka on the
bench
here is best view the big guys and filed
from behind lookouts a lot of traffic in
there half of it on the deck
the Penta patients of ball movement on
that possession by the Wolverines and
then in single coverage destiny with the
drop step picks up the foul
[Music]
The Brady puts up two files after they
had two nice moves to open our scoring
with the four points we've had right now
and that's going to take him out of a
lot of after pesky first free throw
[Applause]
I'll go Grady with bottner on the bench
after Rahman becomes more critical in
terms of his versatility the hut seer
greens pause as a playmate the shot
maker
nice job by Isaiah livers there to tap
that they couldn't get the real himself
but he kept it alive mismatch inside
pesky size rocks gonna be a mismatch
Allah hears about I was but he's seven
one basket
[Music]
[Applause]
let's ease drag get to touch this trick
no good look out folks let's go run over
with a little bench good footwork and
back coach beeline makes a good living
for some offense low field days yet
[Applause]
Matthews in traffic on the baseline
trying to find an opening they get it
back outside living to take a three
Michiganders hasn't established some
offensive rhythm or flow in their first
game and here in the 54 minutes
great try to feed it inside we're gonna
have a foul
Rob graves barely touched the ball so
far but we talked to Evan after the game
after including that points performance
here like I said it's for the fans this
is for the city of course city of
Houston a tough year but enjoying teams
entering up that's for sure nice job on
defense on you see in the world greens
making a concerted effort to crowd we
mentioned last night or two nights ago
the eight in the box approach when
you're facing a great running back frost
of scrimmage elimination see the line of
scrimmage sheet succeeded by these
jerseys and a basketball it's the same
you've got someone that drives it as
effectively as him bring extra heat
extra jerseys to see what Michigan does
they're opening five trips into the top
floor hold for six from the floor for
seven graves got a rebound
[Music]
[Applause]
we've drawn off the window kept alive
though underneath and in Gray's
penetration he's not happy they didn't
finish that shot but what he does is
bring this you get help rebounding
opportunities this looks like the
Michigan we saw against Montana early as
you said the same story tonight almost
like that slump within a tournament
psychologically they've won 10 straight
there's a three to go that might help
the cause for Duncan Robinson that kind
of a tough night as well the other day
that he's a leading three pointer that's
a two hundred and thirtieth of his
career so if we can get hot that would
help their cause but just not they need
[Applause]
it's back to in in your office does not
decisions but this fight getting a
touch-sensitive light gray and that's
because over to help out here's a runner
off the window it's no good and an
offensive foul on Corey Davis it's a
race to save the universe led by a man
who's always finished last from
executive producer Conan O'Brien watch
final space a brand-new animated comedy
on TBS all-new Mondays at 10:30 good
help there by Simmons defensely to pick
up that charge is Davis powered his way
to the basket
Simmons their home fans Bradley so knock
down the three then defensively we help
the cause Devin Sampson six Rob gray
down and as I said Robinson
the other night he's got here early
let's get paid again and also teammates
that are willing to get the ball back to
someone the made a basket when you're in
the desert struggling anemic numbers
offensively you have a positive play off
of that for momentum you still drive
three of its own off the front of the
irons Simpson will track down a rebound
original look at Matthews wants to test
you to clear out so you can take that
fadeaway jumper tough shot contested
good offensive rebound and the traffic
in there for Fabian White's Houston
getting down the floor quickly on that
possession before Michigan could set up
their defense and leads to a high
percentage shot second shot
opportunities again for the Cougars has
a nice job warding off the defender
hands and off the window with the right
[Applause]
[Music]
so with gray out there there's not
really great outside shooter Coyne Davis
would be the best as far as three-point
shooters on the floor right now
the cool five to shoot somebody's gonna
have to take one and they don't get one
off Simpson quick hands with the Stuart
and I'll do a rock mine makes him pay
eight minutes into the game mister
getting with a three-point lead and a
chance for a three-point play from
muhammad ali abdel rahman NXT McGuirk
head coaches elected to put their star
players on the bench and allow them to
look at the game to a different lens or
prism take a deep breath come back in
recalibrated and laser tactics the
coaches use trying any method possible
to bring forth the best in an individual
especially this stage of the season when
it counts so much
jumper contested by Robinson comes
freeze gray got his first look and
buried a tree time on the bench clearly
cleared his mind took a few deep breaths
I said to him before the game can you go
through 39 again instead of trial
nothing lasts from him bravery
courageous rock might work it against
gray vogner is gonna try triple this
time and Houston can take the lead back
at this board
[Applause]
and back there the lineups good night
Chloe all right
he missed the eight weeks we tell me
where the hand injury does not have the
tape on the fingers if you had a
practice that shot short pulled out of
the air back here see a pattern good
touch inside near the basket 6 feet 11
better chance of making a basket to get
fouled
then seen the ball go to the net and get
a couple free throws
Robinson each three for three out there
once again blade fool Robinson he's had
some success one of the few to see the
ball go through the net great Drive at
three years old
rebound off to Michigan as they push it
up to the pillar point lady
bottner there you got it a little speed
moves a little hang time and now he's
fired up well pride Kelvin Sampson gave
that white board a workout in the last
timeout it started by throwing it on the
ground and then running on their 20 to
Duncan Robinson we covered this guy's in
the locker room he's a shooter we have
to get out to him really frustrated with
the attention to detail how offensively
I'd like to see them attack him maybe
get to the free-throw line let's see how
they do they trail by six he did to
Devin Davis to kick ass and a three goes
for van back his first points in a
tournament
I have a hunch that a punch and that
delivers productive with his minutes
making the most of the opportunity
bottner moved over to pool on the
outside he buries a triple Jordan pool
the freshman out of Milwaukee puts the
lead right back to 6
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
kind of movement that battles take a
heat check from the other side and
Simpson pulls down the rebound
[Applause]
Robinson camping over there today you do
a better job at the defense closer to
him Devon Bay this on him right now
Lautner asking Ford's got mismatch and
height there and he'll go straight up
with it leave out off to Davis
[Music]
with his size advantage you can get a
deeper catch now he has a higher
percentage shot than a fade away from
the baseline greige straight away in
three yes and second my just sizes up
opponents and if you give them any
daylight that quick release like a
gunslinger won't knock it down on you
you're just joining us yet 39 and the
win over city in the state you for the
first round here's my stuffed rat if you
take away that daylight his ability to
get by here and lady angles off the
bounce there he does a nice job
defensively he knocked that ball away
from behind and now is going to pull up
not so good at that time
I'm a rock mom got his man in the air
hesitated daughter he's gonna take the
shot but he'll bring it back deception
and since it is done after we attempt
the let's go cheer looks the plan was it
didn't work out there but they get it
back anyway
and this time he does draw the file this
is the fourth three throughout Central
Michigan Simpson is not a good
free-throw shooter on the season anyway
a very easy delivery 52% watch guy wide
games on your computer phone tablet or
streaming device of NCAA March Madness
live watch now then CAA comm / March
Madness or download the app today they
do Simpson like to download this free
throw he did that's his first point it
dribbles the ball off to the side and
brings it up squares and you should
shoot it from the side interesting it's
a trend great
still can't get one to drop on the
inside
Simpson pushes it up Robertson just
thought he was gonna take the dream he
was ditching to when he took the two
instead a contested one files on
Matthews
yeah tough fadeaway foul over the back
over Davis
[Applause]
great
looking for a pic from Devon Davis
[Applause]
[Music]
he draws the double-team but he weaves
his way through it dishes on the
baseline and a good feed to Devin Davis
first lamb no gray able to gather and
traffic the presence of mind to know
he's drawn extra defenders and then just
little shovel pass for the flush and
that's an offensive foul on Matthews
back-to-back fouls
Matthews great first step does a couple
push-ups as well but here's the tongue
and then this drive and the quick step
and again sometimes you don't have to
have lazy speed defense with your
offensive leave you can get from point A
to point B quickly that's more important
than having speed on track here's our
offensive Andrea Houston a chance to tie
or lead that goes that it does Corey
Davis from outside the arc and Houston's
back in front
Davis working well without the
basketball there for that opportunity
but freeing himself up from the defender
extra pass Simpson the three off the
mark rebound then back
in fact a little bit everything runs to
the corner to scratch defenses
it's Brenda that three-point shot Davis
who scored the last trip down on the
dribble spins inside lost the handle
momentarily going up and thus the shot
was not what he wanted sips at the
trailer on the drive would go back to
the free-throw line good look up the
floor a little sideline break then the
smallest player on the court hits the
ball at the rims Simpson step the line
after drawn that foul
with a good pass along the sidelines
there by Duncan Robinson Simpson maketh
his 26 start tonight one of three from
the line always remember if you have a
refreshing Coke Zero sugar a big upset
isn't that of selling I try not to upset
you after I've been sitting here with
you for three days
I'm amazed by the carbonation there the
sample file around sound well that one
of those at halftime vogner comes out
another slow night for him so far
that's better
two points for subsidy tie game for the
first time
ray Davis licking off two things stack
offense nice foot Passover's the Davis
and Davis working down low against st
and he walked with it he's looking to
try and draw the foul he came more
focused on that instead of making the
shot right shuffled the feet along the
way five turnovers for Houston three
from Michigan
[Applause]
on that test me as Fabian light on him
is going to go around the traffic and
score the tape by all off the bounce
[Music]
covered a lot of ground with that one
dribble Gordon fools got fired and we
tie it up on the other end and a chance
for Houston to retake the lead from the
free-throw line
[Applause]
when impressive take just gets the angle
and then uses the body to shield protect
the ball and then high off the window
gets a nice bounce ball settles through
the net Galen Robinson at the free-throw
line chance for a three-point play
his dad Galen senior was at Houston
cougar in the mid to late 90s
- scored over 1100 points in his college
career he lack that couple of those
[Music]
at this region of those proteus it is a
flying saucers five lead changes second
tie right now it's 24 off of miss him
and Robinson pushes it it's going up not
going in no for great but he got his own
miss he's gonna try another one still
didn't get it why the file on Simpson
you know cause he's a little frustrated
right now
he looks over there's coach who's a
little frustrated with it I think he'll
talk a little rest
yeah no need with the energy in the next
play with your team on defense
[Applause]
Hilda try3 we buy bread
doesn't help let's go that one on three
is trying to draw file and did the
leading scorers on their respective
teams are still having a slow time of it
here at Wichita Bob they're only two
points and Rob Drae has two three
Porter's four six we got a collision in
the lane and this is on vogner that'll
be his second as we check in with evan
regards his two notes from john b lines
huddle he feels like defensively they
have to get back quicker and transition
that's where Houston's taking advantage
on that end and then for their offense
he feels like they drive farther through
that initial contact that Houston's
gonna give them believe they're having
good driving lanes or be able to kick
out to their shooters and Bogner is
gonna come back out again with two fouls
on Coach B line not happy with either of
the last two calls that went against
Michigan belt his team took the charge
right before the timeout did he get that
Paul men Bogner on the illegal screen
who's gonna make the most shots who has
the most points in the second half if
your brackets are already busted play
the Capital One NCAA tournament run game
on NCAA and in the March Madness live
half as Rob Drae it's his two free
throws
they can free throws as you know grab an
officer you need to be a catalyst the
feeling confident and better about
yourselves and you straighten this play
has two four nines in the field where
you want to get a good shooter Dylann
looks from 15 feet or up start killing
it in a matter of time Robinson had it
stripped last left by the Cougars own
Simpson tracks it back five on the shot
clock
Robinson can he stay hot not that time
didn't get as clean a look better
defense on another he's hurrying it so
that's his first Miss outside the arc
[Applause]
second foul on Fabian lights and so
we've got a Wonder Woman coming up
[Applause]
dick Barack gray the challenges and
you're coming off a 39 point performance
in the game comes so easy to you win it
in dramatic fashion the next game is
completely different and that doesn't
help you encourage them to try and do
not take the 39:20 performance I should
have left them alone oh we almost have
to reset and look at each moment each
game each possession is different and
then the previous John Teske to a floor
from the free-throw line Alan well guys
in just one point to that - laughs this
has put a lot of these shoulders need
not just replicated but continue this
story that Houston has we spent a lot of
time to come and he's wearing this every
minute of every
good point runner across the lane walk
Joe Robinson Clues off the rebound with
Simpson numbers from Michigan right now
but Houston got back to touch
[Applause]
[Applause]
nice defense with tennis shoes and
kickball and that's going to give extra
time the Michigan with a kickball it
goes back would have been seven on the
shot clock reset at 20 Houston switching
on those ball screens out top
[Applause]
switch off the clock he goes in you got
it and a chance for a three-point play
[Music]
[Applause]
off the bounce and able to absorb the
hit and get the soft bounce to go
through three point play J's that back
comes back in and neuro Zanna checks out
over Houston Michigan by two with two
and I have to go first act
[Applause]
[Music]
great listen I didn't get the role nice
job defensively and last judge Bob
Michigan Sampson are they getting into
Rob gray there here's the drive the
block
you saw press find the laps to touch it
was a guy that was trying to take the
shot rock mom tried to find a handle and
knocked it out of Boggs
Houston with a chance to tie or lead
[Music]
good help by Tesco that's me with the
foul and Oh neat he was giving ground he
was moving his feet with his length all
he has to do is go vertical he's a tree
a giant but once you reach down with
those arms makes it the easy call for
the official the Devin Davis steps up
sixty-seven percent free-throw shooter
[Applause]
sent it off his college career in
Indiana as a freshman you can't teach
speed until now bleacher report get
alerts for your team's and scores before
anyone else download the app now
and Devin Davis gotta both love the
collaborative approach that the Houston
coaching staff has taken to trying to
help Rock brave through this game giving
them instructions and tough
encouragement still can't get one to go
inside and still frustrated he didn't
get a file off his trip is about three
feet for the drop nice job blocking that
shot by Duncan Robinson what a sequence
high octane the effort is there and
these are the grinding type of games
will often see in the n-c-double-a
tournament on that second game
combination of fatigue also teams
knowing one another's tendencies
let teens get easy buckets then I can
test everything
as an open look the Davis thought he had
it got it back in the way but who's
gonna go like try another one
man Beck will instead and a hand out his
own miss the rebound comes off in
Michigan and will under a minute there
in the desert like this we hope that
your defensive greats and easy
opportunities from run outs in
transition and now in the halfcourt
you're searching for alignment or set
some actions it'll generate a point left
hand the Robinson can't get it to drop
off the glass and gray pulls it down
we got a couple second difference in the
shot clock and the game clock
[Applause]
with any decor
[Applause]
they play handsy against each other a
little bit now five on the shot clock
ride by Davis
in and out five seconds ago what clubs
got to fly if he knows what the time is
[Music]
Duncan Robinson was three for three to
start the game outside the arc
there's your leading scorers of the two
team eight for gray on two
three-pointers two free throws
Wagner just two points and vogner's so
far in the tournament in a game and
another half three out nine in the floor
seven points and seven relationships are
combined and this is a guys one of
better players with agenda
I think Bodnar's is about fine ways to
contribute other than standing on a
perimeter and looking for a shot get
inside where he can get a high
percentage shot six foot 11 or get
fouled hidden offensive rebound putback
by using that size and then
you start to feel a little more
confident and involve to maybe a
knockdown tuck the jump shots and
likewise maybe Rob Drae much like
Devonte Graham did for a campus in our
first game tonight if your that's going
do something else beside that great
assists in the second half there's a
good drive to open things up for the
Cougars Devin Davis on the good side
Michigan has been better defensively
this year when you look at their body of
work from previous years but on some of
these drives or post ups not much
resistance
here's bottner on the outside the
kick-out they move it around they'll
take the three
I think Matthews got file but they'll
call well good help there by the Cougars
when rottener put it on the floor they
were quick to rotate
gray asking his big guy to come out to
set a screen for them found an avid
arrow to the right hand the scoop shot
off their you know turn the corner on
vogner is able to get an angle and use
that right hand off the glass from the
left hand side so brazen double figures
with 10
[Applause]
supported on his first shot it goes down
he's the heart and soul this puga team
vogner asking for it on the inside
they're just not getting it to him Abdul
Rahman trims out a jumper and the
rebound taken down by Galen Robinson
the Cougars have opened up a four point
lead here rather than two minutes by the
second act
[Applause]
some drivers feed it to the large boys
let's cook out the extras pass the
droids gotta shoot it
wait to test not the really wanted but
it almost went anyway and the file is
gonna be inside
Brianna Brady I think in if so that's an
early worn in this half and the third
one for the game Abdul Rahman with
excellent defense in that possession
using his length gapped enough off of
the diminutive size grain and yet
to test the shop and Grady and bottners
was to have couple of words as Michigan
bought at Valcourt Walker takes the
three over and now he's talking
let's do our steel job John Beilein
won't mind as long as he the forearms
and delivers bring something to the
table
[Applause]
Corey Davis who has his 1/3 pull here in
the game and there you go
bottners getting the best of this deal
can do all the talkin you want but
Brady's picked up his fourth foul
well good resistance hands are up moving
the feet
[Applause]
that's textbook
defense now you could build the case
there was a bit of a flop but that's
part of basketball selling it using
moxie or savviness and it's on the
official to make that judgment
[Applause]
he calmed down by his teammates and he
just wasn't listening then he did that
so he's gonna sit and bottners gonna try
to take advantage actually I've got
collision to me that's going to be Corey
Davis stream live 24/7 highlight scores
and news free across all your connected
devices with CBS Sports HQ check it out
now at CBS Sports hq.com so we've got
some 18,000 in the second half on the
Cougars two on Brady one on Davis even
with that they still leave by wrong
locker they spin to the baseline extra
pass to Matthews underneath boy vogner
off to a good start this happen to the
charge
berry the three in their delivery office
and navigating on the baseline for the
Wolverines at their first lead of the
second half
[Music]
Davis Griffin against Robinson in the
lane filed before the shots and that's
two on Duncan Robinson this half
here's vogner along the baseline makes
that quick spin move used the left hand
to deliver a precise pass on the
baseline Matthews the recipient
beneficiary
Kelvin Sampson his MBA experience that
stops with the box as well as the
Rockets and he looks to exploit matchups
out of timeouts also Army's out of
bounds plays sidelines or baselines and
that's that ndh flavor he's brought back
to college in bounce pass is a good one
and a chance for a three-point play
Devin Davis there it is an example there
look at the score aggressively not just
get the ball inbounds on their baseline
out of bounds blaze and Davis coming off
that double and then just a nice
delivery for the bucket and a foul on
Matthews is his third
another day was 8 points so far tonight
and if you take away
with Davis in the front line of Houston
has been productive instrumental all
night where grey is not feeling it
not yet anyway
[Applause]
get up 23 was 39 in the second half
nice stop turn around and school by
Charles Matthews
[Applause]
and we'll tied up again
[Applause]
[Music]
that's the drawing a foul
she said team chemistry and buy-in for
what Kelvin Sampson is brought here guys
and there's no better nickname than the
biggie I tried to adopt it at one point
but not quite big enough heaven you're
our biggie yeah you're ours for sure now
the hey greatest hall-of-famer on the
greatest ever to put on a basketball
uniform and they lost to UCLA in that
final four fifty years ago but he had
twenty year that year he had one gamer
had 62 points they plays with a game of
the century that put college basketball
really on the TV map when they played
UCLA earlier that year in January
lost in Los Angeles in China for way
victus to see him out because if your
youngster out then you don't know who
biggie is you know more please
nice move I'll go Rockland died again at
37th he won't have a pretty good NBA
career that one of the 50 greatest of
all time in the NBA the front one Wes
Unseld the piggy was a tough shot
contested shot by Corey Davis and others
went off balance mr. three
[Applause]
Simpson that's not his forte gray
there's a why's that so as far as you
can hope the teammates down there and
Simpson tips it out of bounds it'll
still be Houston ball always remember
you have a refreshing cook zero sugar a
big upset isn't that upsetting gray
gonna take the ball to bounce here three
four thirteen but don't be surprised if
he doesn't try and get a catch been free
to grave threat shot clock
blends into the double-team spins
through it somehow still doesn't get the
college looking for no file until after
the Miss
and even then it's erotic zone
[Music]
that's his third see Robinson over the
back get his hand on the Reebok so he'll
sit down and livers will come in for him
ray again inbounding the ball and set
that cross sprint six minutes into the
second half tie game in Wichita 37
and Bachman got one of the chin I think
they cut the file on him and that's his
third watch this one
Bogner coming over and gets this
shoulder right under the chin and he'll
come out and test he will come in and he
picks up the foul right Wow all that for
his efforts he still try to see if
everything's in the right spot as he
gets to the end of the punch gentlemen
remotely
[Applause]
and gonna get a Kwas a timeout here's
John Vila and he says come on over here
guys
both teams are gonna get a chance to
huddle up with me take a look referees
review I just trying to determine
whether Galen Robinson after the pass
throws the elbow there the laughter he
was in midair
hard to tell definitely it's the
shoulder that made contact and then the
shoulder initially I think we're just
gonna play on and the foul on Bogner
good work by the officials you're in
midair like that
[Music]
so the call on the court is what we had
most still checking that jaw to make
sure it's going to open and close
tomorrow morning so the shot clock reset
with that act toy
a lot of traffic there lately touch the
rim so the shot clock is moving out of
five and now the left hand they finally
got it up off the rim but they didn't
score and Davis frustrated that he
didn't get toe is he the defensive
possession by the Newbery's they're just
blanket he's gray when he puts the ball
on the deck to rock my little finger
roll off the window he's got ten
[Applause]
Newport Michigan lead is actually their
biggest of this hand
[Applause]
Zana hands it off gets it back seems
supplies and this crowd they can sign
out to play infinities round by round
bracket where each correct pit nets
donation to Coaches vs cancer see a lot
of the frustration on both sides
Michigan and Houston because it's a
grinding methodical defensive struggle
and he just is out to embrace that great
if you can get some run outs but in all
likelihood we're not gonna see a
departure from this current tempo and so
it's how do you execute within a game
like this so you get a W and just
survive in advance through the bracket
I'm not sure that you're Rosanna called
that one that will take it will take any
point when you get off the glass on the
fruits rob janson tied up here for seven
minutes into the second half Houston
scored 10 points and Michigan is scored
a level
that's after we finished one for 18 from
the floor combines the book seems at the
end of this first half
Wow well Nora talk both of those into me
from most two free throws he hit the
glass hit many hit the area that
attaches the rim to the glass and then
the front of the rim to his trailer
Corey Davis that he can't get a shot
away either
[Applause]
with the test by Simpson not lettin gray
get attached
got a little freedom there and he got it
just a little separation finally from
Simpson early bird yeah cat mouse like a
game of tag break couldn't get the ball
on the near side by our table
so we worked the baseline came off a
screener good catch and shoot
opportunity that's a great counter and
read Simpson got three out of these and
rock my bobbin good answer by the
Wolverines 12 under 12 minutes show on
board game in Wichita and a cheap file
there a delivers
[Applause]
and Emma Davis knocks it down in Houston
making the most of their opportunities
now 10 of 11 from the charity stripe
Michigan six of ten
[Applause]
got em both
[Music]
[Applause]
all that a minute 40 for the game we've
been within four points of each other
including three times this half and a
tie at halftime of 28 then mismatch
inside but could switch back by Houston
Grey was guarding vogner Michigan's
biggest lead was 6 at 22 14 in the first
half Houston's biggest lead the first
half was 5 earlier in the game so we see
some back and forth Matthew's goes in
and scores took a little bit of a shot
to get us here yang tucked it like a
running back took one bounce you can
have tuck in it and using your body Gray
drives and scores again that's where
you can
take away a team's basket I get one of
your Robinson just double Griffith
hesitated he wanted to get the pass over
the Matthews and he picked up the ball
and then try to put it back down
here's gray that last trip down yeah
gray surveying the floor just that hard
cross over and then glides in with ease
and the ability to finish here he has
wide open I don't know who left him
alone but they shouldn't have Michigan
caught napping and transition defense
gotta have vision scramble back with the
sense of urgency and John Beilein not
happy he was kind of talking to lead up
649 43 and their leader it's dark no
warm-up for the Cougars big brother Rob
who has 8 of Houston's last 10 points
[Applause]
Abdul Rahman vogner opens the three got
it and maybe a four you don't see John
Beilein animated he's always calm cool
collected put on this
the trial the draw and kick to vogner
who lines it up back from distance good
lift on that shot gets the soft caramel
choppy mine was fired up this would be a
huge four-point play that gets the free
throw doesn't though but but three good
enough to make it a three-point game
almost unit weight points
[Applause]
succeed Houston Michigan
[Applause]
Simpson is to the way from the
momentarily sound on the shot clock
drops the pass or tried to drop a pass
on the baseline and turns it over and
couldn't help by Bogner early in the
game steps low see if hidden outlet went
to the bench but here on this trip with
penetration
he might not foul and leads for the
turnover
loose-ball gray comes up with it gets in
ahead the Robinson go back it out
both these teams so uh prepare grad to
defend one another's actions
and see their anticipation the calls the
reads from the bench coaching staffs as
well very few Jimmy's in this game type
Klockner the rebound
that point Brad to fast-break points
combined for both teams that's pretty
hard to do if you're even not drawn
that's a foot
[Applause]
there's the switches Robinson got a look
at a three but an air ball he hit his
first three but hasn't hit one since
interesting Houston willing to switch
regardless matchups because they don't
want Michigan to be able to turn the
corner even if you've got a mismatch to
those the house vogner being guarded by
attack vogner that baby in life and that
is for partner boys John P Lipa sides
himself that vest is gonna cover in four
I don't know guess is touched up with a
finger
[Music]
most agree with you that one and they
don't see and body bump into the white
miss the free throw so we stay at a
three-point game Matthews trying to go
to work inside hang time didn't get it
tried to tip it in and it saved my
favorite way
gran the drive high and down that he's
got 20
again the change of pace the shiftiness
maneuver yada
pace or speed that allows him to find
those openings the daylight at mid-range
you and I were talking off to here at
halftime about how he was struggling I
said he's still going to get 20 he's got
one
Matthew's mr3 deskey had a hand out of
it couldn't pull it down
eight minutes and the Cubans that apply
pointed that we go to the Wolverines
[Applause]
probabilities or metrics map let's get
back on track stack teen rock grade 59
points in the second half these two
games these are poems are finished we
talked about bravery and courage but the
outset is broadcast and SP and gray tied
up and I just got grade for that file
only goes first
seen a lot of bodies go to the ground
this one we're talking about with the
mismatch they'll give you different
looks and Calvin Sampson confident that
his guards confront or get help on a
double-team from someone else
check it without it the guys that plays
indicative of what John Peel had said in
that last huddle so we have to be
tougher than them right now this is a
physical game with be strong with our
cuts our pivots everything we do
Robinson can't find the range after
those early threes you'll try again on
the baseline still in and out
Matthews saved a ton of a slab Simpson
I'll try one
smart move
[Applause]
effectively
stuntin that simpson but not going in
because he's not a shooter seeing some
really good choices defensively robbers
got a double-double now after that last
blue that came off
he thought that one was going here he
was heading back down fourth now
Robinson take it easy fellas
Davis and Robinson separated
go back down in this cougar team you
know that Kelvin Sampson coach diamond
but Wolverines a Big Ten Conference
tournament championship team
back-to-back years so he did tie up but
just a possession arrow is all we've got
to show for that as Michigan will have
the ball Alvin Sampson still talking the
officials overall kelvins taking four
different teams to the NCAA tournament
Washington State first an Oklahoma 11
times Indiana once and now Houston is
sixth seeded Cougars looking for their
28th min of the year and looking to
advance to the sweet 16 we still got six
try to determine that Brad he's one of
only 13 coaches in history college bats
will take four different programs to the
NC double-a tournament the guy on the
other branches Walton zombie lie quite a
feat
[Music]
Simpson lost the handle on the dribble
Houston picks it up van back guitry and
Simpson look at the rebound
Houston not too concerned about Simpsons
outside shooting ability and there's a
three that goes somehow for Matthews
we're gonna get VIN back for another
call
bow underneath bucket would count C
Simpson trying to pro to get the ball to
Teske and then underneath
he got testy and then back and obviously
then back isn't going to give any ground
since he's already got the size
disadvantage over the 7-footer Teske
will step the line as a result
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
so teske at the free-throw line this
could be a five point trip got the first
one total by changing a game around and
one trip down the floor that this goes a
storm and bunches how about one
possession spilling the punch you got
both
tied at 50 walk
doubled momentarily brings it back out
stay away on the baseline he got another
one
going to miss left and then coming back
and shooting it with his right sending
it up to the clouds bottoms 22 for gray
two-point lead Houston
[Applause]
five minutes to go in regulation I've
been rocking on the drive and he's
fouled again by van Becca here it is
that little inside-outside dribble going
to his left and then to come back with
the right uses the glass long as you
want rate in off his wrong foot
everything no he is Steve Nash s I'm not
saying he's ready to be a hall-of-famer
an MVP and all-star but those numbers
are impressive when you look at Steph
Curry but his game reminds me of Steve
Nash in college at Santa Clara plant for
dick Davie when they ran a sweet 16 run
upset UCLA and the Maui Invitational the
way they maneuver with the ball decision
making the judgments the ability to
shoot from range but also off the bounce
and keep that dribble alive very similar
to Steve Nash smash from six three and
gray is six-foot one but similar
processing and thinking
now testes done a good job in the fleet
so a lot of 55% free-throw shooters hit
four in a role in his half and he's tied
the game again hand off the split or
scissor off the high post and leads to
the opening uses his body so well to
shield the ball that was the fourth foul
by the way I think in Robinson Wagner
comes back in cesky goes out of vogner's
ever going to do anything you better
start doing it now we're under five
minutes to go
he's the best guard I've seen this year
coast-to-coast at managing the entire
game controlling the game
the point guards who could put up big
numbers and now part of that's miss
pelvin Samson put him in that position
right in front than other coaches or
styles or systems of play
[Applause]
9 on the shot clock
Robinson little prescription bottner and
with a touch file Fabian White's that
will be his fourth and it's gonna send
Duncan Robinson to the free-throw line
well this is what we talked about early
free-throw shooting is so critical in
late games the Robinson hasn't been
there a ton this year but of the 56 he's
taken he's hit 50 that's 89% hasn't
scored in this half but he had three
three-pointers in a row in the first
half
[Applause]
10 for Addison tied again at least
momentarily at 54 Michigan on the season
326 the Division one basketball at
free-throw shooter but they've offset
that with other aspects better defense
shooting precise offense their lowest
percentage than the line in over 20
years but this guy knows how to hit him
and does both Michigan back in front by
one
[Applause]
Ray's being live off the ball here
gets it we're going against Simpson up
under up and not in scramble for the
rebound Michigan a little dribble weave
action and then handoff to gray let him
go to work and he actually found a good
shot maybe you're just joining us this
game was tied at halftime at 28 and much
as separated these two teams throughout
this game biggest lead in this half was
six by Houston at 49 43 giving up glue
to each other you don't have to force it
to vogner would explore it he doesn't
have to shoot it but he gets touches he
draws attention to create offense has a
look at that shot block that snapped the
three drives and he drew a foul with two
seconds to shoot
I'm sure they're sitting in a meeting
room somewhere going we've got three 42
left and then somebody's buying dinner
actually it's past dinner time I guess
abdul-rahman with a free throw Michigan
the last seven points have come from the
free-throw line
they've hit seven of eight
this could give them their biggest lead
of this hat on area that Michigan
struggled all years turned into a
strength of late
in this game
Rock drag all the way on the face line
in to get it out to Devin Davis trying
to shake three
he doesn't have simpson on right now is
getting back to village like the screen
or a screen action good decision find an
open man two three that goes for our
money Brooks who hadn't scored until
right now
we saw the defenders wall
[Applause]
a screener and makes the great choice
fan it out to the three-point line tenth
tie the games under three minutes
bottner lost it out of bounds was not a
great pass
Davis goes to the bucket and sucks in T
defenders of the Wolverines and that
opens the three-point lines of drugs and
again those are the reads the process
like a good quarterback looking at first
second and four options and using the
right fundamental to deliver great as to
give it off to Brooks
[Applause]
we had on top again is rule now to a
long shot clock great rabbit driven
through the screen
David away the Simpson partner in
transition they catches it in stride
Brad good pass rate of out in front so
he didn't have to use the bounce let me
get right to the rim
you're exactly too much on that last
possession we're gonna prank in hand the
rest of the land when he gets catches
defensively he got so proud Devin Davis
against Langston got a 10-1 great body
control Robinson is fouled out of the
process and a great call by Kelvin
stamps in the isolation by Davis where
he can use the bounce his strength and
his size against Robinson for the finish
that's the weight room shot paying off
all the work in the summer time absorb
the hit concentration eyes on target
chance of the old-fashioned three-point
play he's already got one of those this
half we'll see if we can pick up another
one
Davises contributed in number of ways
these ideal to set screens and then slip
to the rim those foot races Michigan's
had struggles with because Houston has
an edge in terms of frontline foot speed
and that distorts defenses great
opportunities for the Cougars Javon
Davis is six six senior out of
Indianapolis on the other side six eight
senior Duncan Robinson from Michigan has
fouled out
let's see then get in second three point
four and a half
if he does Houston's in front again and
that's the case 60-59 vogner
and will be involved
catch
the rest of the way
doesn't have to shoot but needs to be
involved as a strainer the driver or a
shooter the rock on on the dribble kick
out the Simpson goes baseline gets it to
vodka underneath that had it
SWAT it out of there by Davis and that
vogner follows up
with a chicken when Simpsons done that a
number of times the smallest and the
port ends up with the rebound
device delivery the vogner then he's
inside for the second shot and that
opportunity presents the putback by
vogner
so vogner only had two points at
halftime
[Applause]
as 12 now
[Applause]
and he missed a free throw for the
second time in this half Michigan by one
we approach a minute half gray is going
to walk off the ball gonna set the
screen
[Applause]
again he's got simpson eyes who has been
most of the night there's a switch off
Dre and traffic again gave it up Brooks
long three battles to the loose ball out
to Michigan Wow janeshia set foot by
both teams on the glass bodies filled to
the floor again
[Applause]
coming from a good place but tipped out
of bounds by the Cougars Kelvin central
he wants an explanation we want to go to
the monitor she was on
[Music]
to Davis's are tied up Simpson trying to
block out I think the call was right the
first time right hand there yeah both
Gordon Houston cougar hands and I'm
doing rock my my to reach for but he
didn't get it least it doesn't appear
that way Devon and Corey Davis going
after the ball they're aggressively want
to thank our crew here in Wichita all
week I'd buy a producer Ryan Galvin our
director mark grant and the rest of our
games it's not a great job a lot of long
hours a lot of long games and the final
game of the night coming down to the
last 114 brought it from start to finish
[Applause]
here we go
Michigan with the ball and clinging to a
one-point advantage
[Applause]
is the mismatch inside vogner Valen for
the ball gets the catch got grey on his
hip he draws a double-team nine on the
shot clock Simpson did give it off but I
have to hurry from Matthew's three
quarters in and out and a tough rebound
and a foul after it by livers good stand
defensively by the Cougars on vogner's
cats they went to the quick double-team
forced him to pass the ball here we see
wasn't much of a plow it was an
off-balance Devin Davis what they call
the foul and Isaiah livers and Davis
goes back to the free-throw line where
he has not missed tonight six in a row
over the course of the two halves
[Applause]
Houston 71% on the season as a team from
the free-throw line
well he doesn't look like a 67 percent
free-throw shooter does he hasn't missed
he's been impressive tonight offensively
defensively he played a lot of minutes
and you're right he's done it on both
ends
[Applause]
[Music]
Houston the three timeouts Michigan with
two got ammo 16 for Devin Davis a
one-point lead
again vogner involved whether that's
screaming shooting or playmaking
dear rockbot on the dribble
turns around has to put it up off the
window no good tips no goodbye Matthews
rebound is David's again no time don't
need to hang your head
got to keep your head in the game we got
25 seconds to go still going to have an
opportunity to tie regardless what
happens on this free-throw going down to
the final 25 in regulation and Wichita
and more free throws coming up I'm Devin
Davis
[Applause]
contested the defense by Corey Davis
just straight up Matthews almost can't
believe he didn't get the tip and then
he really can't believe he got the foul
and he finally this one
while there's no time to hang the head
when a possession doesn't go your way in
a one-point game put the energy towards
the next possession free throw box out
here is critical with a body on someone
second one's perfect 17 two-point
Houston lead
if John Beilein doesn't like it and see
say use a timeout doesn't like that ball
being thrown away like that by Simpson
and who Zuzu
they're gonna go to the monitor on this
one Dave Hall
and just take a look at it right now
obviously a huge and vital call here
with 17-second sweat bog there needs to
get a touch Rock gray got a hand on that
pass by Simpson it's gonna be a Michigan
ball there's the left hand and then
trying to control it and flying out of
bounds so it appears to be the
Wolverines that will get the ball here
John Beilein has a choice here on the
out of bounds play does he try and get
it to vogner right away or do they get
it inbounds and then try and get it back
to vogner
Delvin Samson's upset about something
and his players are actually holding him
back right now
something with Bogner setting a screen
where he has the ability to step back to
the ball after his screen now Euston
will likely switch everything to try and
prevent the ball from getting inbounds
or at least making it easy to get a
catch and Simpson that will be the
trigger man on the baseline and watch
for slips
and get it into Bob here right back to
Simpson bill Rock Mountain tend to play
on the drive up off the window mist if
David's have got another rebound and a
foul 3.9
we can't get a better look than that but
it's not able to finish took off from a
little bit far out
came back with the right hands that are
using the left hand off the drugs the
vogner is in the corner and that's what
created that opening was Houston had an
awareness of stay attached to partner
opened the lane for the drive but no
finish and it also is a fifth foul on
Charles Matthews the entire Michigan
team's gonna go alive and shuttle
arrived their coach meanwhile Houston
will do likewise that they've got free
throws coming up with three point nine
left after all the games are over and
they just divide our case Eastern set
Davis
Brendan Haywood cabbage Parker and South
Carolina head coach Frank Martin have
all the highlights and analysis on
inside March Madness presented by Buick
that's coming up next
only on TBS we are down to four seconds
Houston takes that one off the power
Davis has the last six points for
Houston and he must go through the
question is does Calvin Sampson one foul
if they make
this free-throw is a one-possession game
you allow mission to get a three-pointer
off Ord you found the back foot Davis
takes a big deep breath and he's missed
two of his last week he's missed another
one and a rebound by Bogner and a
timeout the other option is a home run
play where you try and get the ball
farther up the floor for a shot
Houston's not going to put anybody on
the man that's inviting
so the pass is going to come from rivers
the wife isn't ready for it off start
line at midcourt extra pass
[Applause]
a freshman has won it for the Wolverines
[Applause]
Michigan a prayer at the buzzer and the
prayers answer here's how it came down
they're all executed tremendous pass and
enough time to make the extra pass at
the buzzer line a couple bounces
and in time the celebration begins
freshmen who hadn't scored in the second
half until right there
an absolute slugfest with a dramatic
finish pool just lines it up that's
defended well by Corey Davis he's got
the high ends just destiny on the
Wolverine side the officials are over
there taking a look but we already know
what both teams that haven't cleared the
court do know that was good well go all
the way back to vogner's timeout and
then the well-designed play by John
Beilein and without pressure on the ball
Houston this Michigan was able to
baseball past as the three officials
with security guards or one of them head
to the locker room there was no doubt I
mean Corey Davis arrives on time of
catch has high hands on that shot and
pull just two livers and you know what
Lana this was somewhere else
during the course of the game that
probably would have been a free throw to
follow I think he was fouled on the shot
much less how he hits the biggest shot
of his young career
and the celebration carried him a whole
lap around all 94 feet of the court and
there's the feeling of the Cougars who
thought they had a sweet 16 matchup but
not its third seeded Michigan instead
what a finish to the final game
credible poised to breath in those final
seconds an unbelievable moment as best
she can take me through what you saw on
that play and hook up that shot yeah I
mean we practiced on college numbers of
times and practice coach had the faith
to put me in doing this I mean by the
grace of God I may decide as a freshman
who hadn't scored up to that point the
second half where did the confidence
come from to let it go my confidence in
me and I've been inside like that in
practicing like is only right that one
of March this is a dream every
basketball player hopes for how does it
match in reality this ridiculous I'm
thinking on the sidelines like these
where Mars is made of and I gotta say by
the guys who got a win there it was an
unbelievable game and it shot to watch
enjoy praise anything bring in coach
here first of all what did you want to
run in that plate Jordan just told us
that something you guys have drawn up we
feel very sad no I mean you get you have
to go you know we felt you have 3.4 so
you can actually get down the court and
get to the rim but one is possibly get
the ball rate to mom it may be pitch it
up we had backside action kept in with
Mo and it's a 2 or 3 dribble play which
we could have got and the idea was well
if the three is open take it when didn't
get all the way to remember which was
going to be tough to do it but Muhammad
made the great pass and Jordan does that
all the time in practice he makes buzzer
shots all the time for those of us who
don't know what makes Jordan special
that he could step up in that type of
moment oh the guy is as an overdose of
swag right now you see he's got
everything you could ask for
he believed dreams of those shots he
lives for those shots that's what he
loves so we're very fortunate being a
very good very good Houston team coach
you know what it takes to win in this
tournament with what you've done the
last two games well I know at times it's
been frustrating what is this team
showing you moving forward well a great
deal of resiliency SAS would be the word
you know we haven't people have really
gone out of character and played against
us win
I have we haven't seen you since which
any screens they went small we prepared
for something else in the last couple
days and we didn't actually Xavier in
Muhammad Ali did not have good games and
part of that was because their defense
was very good so now we got time to
retool a little bit I don't know who
will play but we get to play again coach
enjoy this one and good luck the rest of
the way thank you very much great game
Up next