time stands still and many of the campus
towns and all across this great plan is
one of the best days of the year for any
sport
Saturday at the Final Four Minneapolis
the Viking ship all set for a
double-header
and just a moment ago in historic moment
the Auburn Tigers take the floor at a
final floor for the first time ever the
first school ever from the state of
Alabama to play in a Final Four they'll
be matched up with the Virginia
Cavaliers and what a story they have
become the turnaround from a year ago
and the winners of the Southeast
Regional and a Final Four for the first
time since 1984 hello friends Jim Nantz
Grant Hill Bill Raftery Tracy Wolfson
and all the team and then is this
building alive right now
Tim this day is absolutely everything in
college basketball my favorite each team
truly believes they have a chance at the
big nails the minutes okay now some like
to play slow and some like the wool wow
that's we got a tug-of-war tonight well
let's start by talking about the
Virginia's story we've seen the lows
we've seen the highs and it is some
story some story indeed after the
ultimate dejection and disappointment
from last year it's the news season for
Tony Bennett and his ballclub it's
redemption vindication for Cavalier
basketball they're not to satisfy with
me here they want to win it all and they
know in order to do that you must have
guard
and they have two of the best in all of
college basketball call guy first team
all-acc bout his shooting struggles is
blue we lose without the basketball one
of the best and of course his running
mate tied to Rome he's just the table
he's smart he's got a great feel for the
game super competitive he must be at his
best
well you talk about guards let me turn
it over to our point guard mr. Raftery
Auburn's got a fare they said we're
gonna match utility to us and ours at
speed then you get up and down the floor
with the best of them of course Brown is
the guy usually at the end and a
recipient of passes by his back or mate
terrific range he uses bugs to get fries
back fadeaways he's got talent but this
is the engine get her in Harper the
ability to push the ball blow by people
he can be devastating the open floor Wow
can't wait to watch him damn me to all
of us can't wait to get it started and
it's just minutes away the national
anthem though is coming up next
Auburn Virginia national semifinal
number one is next on CBS
[Music]
you
ladies and gentlemen please rise to
honor America and those who support our
freedom at home and abroad
the presentation of the covers is
provided by the Minnesota army honor
guard and now in the spirit of college
tradition and sportsmanship please join
in the singing of our national anthem as
led by student-athletes from the
institutions of our four final four
teams from Virginia women's volleyball
Mila Cyprien
from Auburn women's volleyball Morgan
call
from Michigan State men's soccer Zach
Kovan
and on the guitar from Texas Tech track
and field
Dorian Williams jr.
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
who
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's
[Music]
that I fled
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
tonight's game is being broadcast in
Spanish were available using the SI P
button on your television our officials
that sermons keep temple James breeding
and our official standby for all
clarifications the one and only gene
stair tour FAQ in the building where he
was of course the referee for Super Bowl
50 - between the Eagles and the Patriots
right here police he's not getting food
tonight found another way to get into
the building this should be a good one
guys what tell us about the pace we're
gonna see here the big thing is we both
know the push Palmer likes to get it up
and down quickly of course control
possessions Virginia so solid in their
offensive end is going to be the key as
you mentioned Virginia very methodical
and deliberate will have to try to
control that tempo against this tiger
team for two seconds in we've overturned
one call already they dominate that
Center jumper right now Jim Nantz Grant
Hill junior goes under the minimum we
standby gene if that's in the pace
setting measure right there let's get
this first possession underway guys one
of the best most disciplined defensive
teams Virginia obviously that guard
played from Auburn when he Bennett has
his team ready
a lot of hedging and showing on those
screens for Bryce Brown and they're
gonna try and split it particularly
Harper just like that but look days so
tough
greenish your show Brown those that won
the shoot not in time a shot clock
violation on the first possession and
the big thing when you play Virginia you
can want to push the basketball but
you're going to be forced to run a long
possession and then counter that Jim on
the other end Virginia's patient very
comfortable late in the shot clock
[Applause]
[Music]
me hey Clark coming off one of the
greatest cysts tournament history is
sent a game in overtime when he fed it
to de ikita the time at the end of
regulation even if a guy argue about
that one now it's in the discussion for
amongst the best and shot us off
we've been still trying to research this
EPO officially got one grant I can think
of a few other a great assist in a
tournament yeah coming in on a 12 game
win streak and what a group they have
defeated during that time and here's the
long three and it's off the mark for
Harper who was a killer against Kentucky
in the overtime scoring 12 of Auburn's
17 points and we were all to practice
the other day the one thing Tony Bennett
kept saying don't worry about the shot
clock and that's what they do they get
good shots because they're comfortable
late and what a good look here
underneath data keep down the feed from
Jerome he really sees people Jerome and
mama Dee
continuing his stellar play here in the
tournament must be a force inside for
the Cavalier really has been grant he
has taken it to a whole new level during
the tournament Chuck shot where the
Tigers again to strong in the long
rebound out to Jerome and right now this
pace is UVA baseball right here they law
you to sleep he wants you to play their
style
Auburn has to try to get some stops in
transition and Jerome or head to the
line as he is fouled by Dunbar so here's
a look at enhanced stats developed with
Google cloud and slowest pace in NCAA
basketball and a 353 teams they have
clouded a lot of offenses during the
course of in Bellaire leave it to us
jump on that one they averaged offensive
possession takes 20 seconds for Virginia
that's how they play that's their
identity their personality and they're
really good at don't you that long to
tie your shoes all those injuries of the
NBA
got a run stuff quit and don't pass up
good shots against Virginia well she
gets stuck late in the shot clock now
two attacked quick they push you way out
here they're taking away the three-point
line
there's the jumper still often looking
for its first two euro coins it with the
putback and this is what they want to do
full-court press a trying where Virginia
uh know if it's possible overtly agree
you're a big you're Floyd getting the
start here is this the second game now
without Juma Okeke who's back home and a
large rape on the feet again from Jerome
Jerome just says great vision but they
lifted everybody terrific what not even
a big time brush to get Clark open I
think for Auburn they're gonna have to
get some dribble penetration into that
the teeth of that defense drawing kick
that's when they're at their best
look at this show this is what made them
better I think you keep they so good at
that and around them around this is what
a good job Sam yes finally the dump goes
down generous barn
excuse me Jared Harper at his best when
he's penetrating and finding guys I
could get on that last play that match
up with him and Clark that'll be one to
watch run those baseline bumps and curls
are very good at it fade curl
here's hunter receive all of a CC he'll
take the jumper that's McLemore oh just
got the hoop at the other end
quick release over to Harper yeah they
do a great job corralling there you just
see Nikita getting the piece of it when
they got a foul
gonna call it on Harper of Auburn the
end of it this is what you have to do
when you play a fast breaking team like
Auburn you got to get back look at this
look here
pretty nice huh a little bump curl fade
everybody lifted and on the money it's a
Roman at half-court making that pass
that's unacceptable defensively if
you're the Titans Jerome has assists on
both the Virginia baskets it's gonna
inbound to here they're never in a hurry
it's amazing
get across the time line get their sets
and a little ball screen a lot more this
year offer brings in more offense or
number zero he picks up his play but the
second half of Louisville when he hit
five threes and Jim to Rome and cocci
they're not phased shooting in this big
stadium they played and shot well over
the course of their career in the
Carrier Dome against Syracuse that's
good point Brown he's got one from
outside they can make him that opens up
their game - they do a nice job
screening for him as well
[Applause]
the building blocks on the baseline they
rubbed off it keep busy nice fade screen
watches line drive shot have flat footed
rebound without a bruise come onto the
floor Ratan Virginia doesn't chase
offensive rebounds maybe one one and a
half everybody else its back and
protects
[Applause]
this laws a way of people that like to
go go go don't you agree we can
frustrate you round who almost got a
second one
you could have launched between sets
here I actually think the key for
Virginia is going to be establishing the
Aaron Hunter he is to to talented
struggled against Purdue the - bit of
player wasn't be effective out here for
the cab is that curl variation Harper
dowdy he'll go ahead and take it little
indecision there in that side but great
offensive rebound that was Spencer
flying in and it's off Virginia so we
reach our first break Bruce pearls bunch
is settling in now after missing his
first three attempts gonna be a good one
here in Minneapolis final four is
underway Minneapolis we hand it over to
Tracy Wolfson well thanks a lot Jim it
Tigers are missing a key part of their
team as chumma OTP is back in Auburn
recovering from ACL surgery he had on
Tuesday he does have a locker here at
the stadium and Malik done wore wore his
jersey pregame Okeke also sent a good
luck video to the team that Bruce
Burrell said just got them fired up
their rally cry continues to be do it
very much Jim well you saw it dot bar
during the warm-ups wearing his fallen
teammates jersey we sent along our best
wishes to chumma back in Kapaa burn and
it is an interesting thing they had a
short turnaround between that sweet 16
game where he was injured he was
fabulous in that game and then the
Kentucky game West 48 hours later a lot
of times to you it was short time to
plan you don't really think about us
Kentucky a team that familiar with so
they could prepare in game plan but for
Virginia and how they play he is so
important
we'll be missed here tonight you need
plenty of time to prepare for Virginia
very difficult task to have but the big
thing was he could rebounding he could
guard he could play hunter which I think
you alluded to earlier and also
offensive rebounding they have to use
their speed to get to the ten against
Virginia I think they got open it up
don't use ball screens drive it jacks
Alton has come in at center for the
Cavaliers he started most of the season
and they've been going to be a key take
during the tournament
here's Doughty getting around and
scoring the basket
Riley with a great hold off though that
big wide body he's been injured the
strong kid can help the little part of
the rim below but great screen
Robert has its first lead at nine eight
that's where the iserlohn good for
hunter matter was holding ours then
Spencer who was holding hunter and
you're right they love to ice though on
that elbow let hunter go to his right
with Spencer
forcing him left nice deflection forcing
a steel excuse me almost getting a steal
but getting called for a foul and this
is what amazes me about Virginia
they've been winning without him playing
his a-game this kid could put this team
on his shoulder the next two nights he
is a very talented performer
Brown's got to be careful because once
he gives the ball up punched its red
offensively but he can sneak around the
view over help
dice said he feeds it right back to
Jerome returning the favor from earlier
and you have to be so disciplined
guarding Virginia they moved the
basketball set screens two plays we've
seen thus far back screen for layout
reached or they knocked down Downey will
shoot a couple right here so patient
great cut pass and finished under the
basket in Rome and once again great
left-handed pass by Clark but they move
so well without the basketball constant
movement screens and so unselfish bow
was on salt
tomorrow night Notre Dame baylor square
off in the NCAA Division one women's
basketball national championship
coverage on ESPN begins at 5:00 p.m. for
more information NCAA calm over game and
favor I watched that game last night
Notre Dame in Connecticut that was a
great pump unbelievable right down the
wire
Kranz point if you don't weeks I'd jam
up you're gonna get beat by Virginia all
the time great ball reversal with God
your own and Clark out there you
essentially have three playmakers three
guys that can score but also past and
facilitate so Geraldo goes out and
Braxton he takes his position on the
floor
the defensive rebounding is actually
their top overall rebounder on the
season Norma how the Bama player they
knows operty fight against in five times
during his days the Crimson Tide we
really got a tag guy on those baseline
pumps there he is
the bucket going on right there dowdy on
hunter will pull up take the jumper too
strong when it bounces out dowdy gets
hit salt has his second another good
play by Jackson had to get back on the
defensive end that's not their game
either
I actually thought on that play Hunter
bailed him out should have attacked him
got into the paint right there so
aggressive you love him on the glass and
not a great foul there for the big fella
a pretty good sell job there to OD the
akita comes back while he's on the floor
for the first time for Auburn has size
611 junior from Hoover Alabama were
strong Auburn pedigree with his parents
both former basketball players this is
more than Virginia generally stands
because of the three-point shooting they
can get something inside with a bumper
cut
here's Wiley in the paint to Cavaliers
on him and he still table at the liver
the two to nice plays by in the screen
and the knockdown there some power
inside
[Applause]
changes speeds that's what guy has
tracks sprints accelerates those how to
get free like all good scores seven the
shoe Clark thanks the two and it's
tapped out two guy that could reset you
can't do that the Virginia it's painful
plenty of time to work mama Dee on
widely wanting it baseliner all over and
underneath there on a 9-2 run is where
you got to stop them in the early here a
boy and mama Dee taps it out to kee
[Applause]
get those up - dude you better make him
cuz you're gonna be the defensive stance
mark blow him by everyone fire sighs no
wasn't there
Wylie was a presence
[Applause]
now Harper if the paint has a strip
pretend to coming out with it in a hurry
butter that play on the wing it's gone
anyways and that's what they do they'll
bite you occasionally with a fast break
if you make a mistake but corralling the
dribbler closed all those headaches and
Harper if he has some one area where
sometimes he gets a little bit out of
control can't do that against UVA the
other way here a fan said call against
McCormack J bond McCormick pushing off
the ability then corralled on defense
since I've been open for a fast break
Grant Hill Virginia the Wahoo's in the
open floor
you're in for a long night if they get
those Ezio's
you
coke introducing delicious orange
vanilla coke and orange vanilla coke
zero sugar a mild day here in
Minneapolis Art League Blizzard like
conditions that some Court has before
the tournament started I heard that in a
couple of advertisements Isabel but
there is Tony Bennett his team right now
has assists on all of its field goals
becoming the second father-son tandem to
take teams to a final four joining
Big John Thompson it was here for radio
and John Thompson the third Tony and his
father dick now sharing that glory as
they had 2000 Wisconsin comin to the
Final Four there's John Big John a
longtime partner frizzy treated me nice
you're doing radio that he definitely
say that about most people always great
to see at the Final Four alleged the
Godfather we used to call him eat
dispense knowledge done parked up since
wow it's already hit a shot here
into paint it's this he came to commit
just too strong and to Rome snacks at
work the Wahoo's
thanks little duck in but I know he's
the guy that's gonna beat you
- one Jim Jerome Wow hi Jerome so crafty
nice little change of pace hesitation
right there saw the open lane and had
the smarts to initiate the contact on
Dunbar nice little kiss as you would say
coach little smoosh but they lift the
big guys gives him an opportunity to
kiss it home so off to a good start
is Jerome with five points and three
assists also three rebounds which is
tops for the Cavaliers a lot of great
passers he can pass any direction with
either hand and that's such a variety
it's amazing great field for the game
which is one out of three at the line
they don't like it when he misses except
for the time against Purdue at the end
of regulation
who's the guy you got to keep in front
boxed out well done by momma Dee that'sa
it's under the purse girl Jim he was
telling us he couldn't compare anybody
to Virginia I thought maybe South
Caroline with the defense this is very
difficult to play against if you're on
accustomed to it under left alone by a
tree all nylon he is to skill to
talented inside outside player that's a
good sign for UVA as he has struggled as
of late here in the tournament
oh all right now 1 for 7 from the
three-point line I'm gonna have to step
up and knock down some shots against
this defense and again as DJ 6-nothing
run by Virginia looking for more there
were a threes and then there were
contested threes Virginia will get up in
you hunter that circles out I like the
call though did him go a little bit nice
ball screen look at this defense you
mentioned his rebound he does a lot of
nice things watch every game live on
your phone tablet computer or favorite
streaming device NCAA March Madness live
watch now ncaa.com / March Madness or
download the apps a day coach against
Auburn you have to take the challenge
one-on-one defense against the great 101
players of the Tigers and write their
key with that big block there's Brown
sighs on Brown makes it a little harder
on the jumpers got to use the dribble
5 to shoot with Foreman watches and it's
last touched by key and right now
everything's a a long contested
three-point shot by offering Virginia's
defense too much and you can't screen a
roll against them because they're one of
the best at defending against spoon roll
to continue Cavaliers 1 out of 9 53 for
Evan hit the only one and he's looking
for a second when you're rushing them
his pack line defense has got the
mesmerize right now this the last seven
from outside and the Auburn Tigers 1 out
of 10 now they run a Flex offense and we
be looking for that to be run by or
boarding get some open spots on cuts
the tenant comfortable to Rome was six
with hesitation on a brother the Coase
size one out there some strength as well
[Applause]
18:13 Virginia Altman's got to trust
their offense can't settle I'd like to
see them trying to get into that defense
off the ball in attrition like this
right here Bernie McLemore you got to
move the ball side to side against
Virginia that last play nice draw and
kick
not behind the Virginia defense first
field going for 20 now look at that pass
there Joe trying to post up the apk
looking on that one
[Applause]
Cormack loves to drive it an attack look
at this kid
beautiful move for two more that's so
smart attack before the defense sets up
mccormick getting to the rim with ease
when that gets the pressure which they
want they want to wear them down
I doubled up yet
slams it home when nobody paid attention
on the weak side
[Applause]
see if they learn the last trip round
so you can't just dribble the ball
isolation against this defense has got
to be a unit working together against
the defense over the position
defensively though everybody willing to
assist all air back to Virginia seven
minutes to go in the first half way of a
break in the action we have a few dumps
right here great pass inside for the
alley-oop to McLemore and the guy to kee
Virginia up three
you
this year student section is delivered
by Pizza Hut because with March Madness
hits Pizza Hut is the only win you can
count on these games moved quickly when
Virginia's involved but time goes they
force you to be patient one thing
against Virginia is driving baseline I
think they need a little more of that
excuse me
bummer tracing over to you Jim Bruce
Pearl during that timeout do what we did
this last month played together more
assists move the ball he also wants his
guys if they take a bad shot to rebound
it he said 1 for 11 from 3 and we're
just down three that's it the shots will
fall but you got to keep guarding and
keep breathing his eyes are able to
gather it put it down another assist for
Jerome why he has a great feel for the
game great delivery good screen off for
the catch
chases coin from earlier Bruce Pearl
said it best
can't play hero basketball all movement
player movement trust each other
draw a kick that's what they do you go
oh it gets it the go rattles around and
drops how'd he get a piece of the lane
that was Indian legends take away the
middle and that was a great possession
right there for more of that his needle
move those bookends around very
difficult and hitch space beautifully
decides to take it scooped off the floor
by Brown we're going to keep bouncing it
get in the lane
it's got good speed then the dirt boys
I'd like to talk a little bit but able
to get the body contact on the foul on
Virginia UEFA Champions League heating
up the quarterfinal round continues
Tuesday stream on BR live or watch on
TNT
[Music]
Hunter's first bow nor he could bite you
a little bit with the three I think they
all can obviously that was a smart play
there by Purifoy just take the shot
drive draw to contact get to the
free-throw line which Virginia does a
great job of defending without fouling
[Applause]
Harper works on that floor like he ought
to - I love the kid guts toughness grit
Parker has not scored in this game he's
the one who single-handedly outscored
Kentucky in the overtime with 12 points
to the Wildcats 11 in the overts another
superb performance you alluded to the
great teams they'd be coming down the
stretch here in the NCAA tournament
the Blue Bloods of college basketball 10
and they go through Kansas North
Carolina and Kentucky and beat in this
win streak Tennessee twice a team that
resided at number one for a part of the
season so inside the 12 game win streak
some mighty impressive victories they
bounce back after a burrito he's in the
sack there at the very devastating loss
at Kentucky they just put it past them
and move forward wasn't something that
was February 23rd a lost by 27 and I
tell you he could deliver a message
Bruce Pearl his message them that day
that night after they lost was that's
what a Final Four team looks like it
wasn't filled with negativity and they
haven't lost since I believe there's so
much I made a donation
Tony looking around got blocks big guy
with the cat come here dude swing it
over hunter
he's very tough in that mid post too
tell you what if your oven right now
you're encouraged tied up
you haven't really played well haven't
shot well in the game that this team is
on the defensive in here they've done a
pretty good job here the last four
minutes confusing this Virginia ballclub
the lead away from home the one to shoot
nice job defensively
McLemore was on and they always feel
good though to get one thing out of it
used the Clark make you work on defense
but how about this presentation big time
on top of his game the last couple of
weeks beautiful best waffle Tony
[Applause]
more beats it back outside Harper wanted
to get going
Clark mr. to keep him out Clark is doing
a good job they're keeping them out of
the pain as you said
without the ball screen though they
can't jam him up he's down to five to
shoot what's it bet he's on the board
with his first points he showed it and
took it back and it exploded
we've seen some quick guys waters for
example Matlacha this kid might be right
there quicker
once again late
Jerome hits the floor no foul gets it
back it's on his feet puts it up they
got set in time about that hunter
phenytoin great awareness there by
hunter to find to roam wide open dowdy
went out tied to leak for a fast break
that secured the rebound if you're
Albarn but a basket off your derriere
not bad it's a 7 nothing run by Auburn
Odie back out look how they recover
though speed to the rebound that's key
for Albert won't that size unless you're
stretching out the day
[Applause]
it puts a lot of pressure on you we've
come this late if you're not accustomed
to it
poor Spencer he just banks it home bangs
at home
off the glass now sure he saw the basket
go ahead play what a fantastic finish
and touch there he's had a couple in the
tournament like that
and staggered double then you very
rarely post the ball up pinned down
rebound
Scottie for that one
at that alley-oop slam earlier had
soared over everyone did it there too
doubt it's very aggressive on the
offensive end goes back out to Harper
early puts a lot of pressure on
individual defense
two minutes to go most first half
doubting drivings blocked again it's
hunter who pulled that one off for
Virginia
[Applause]
in a hurry other never in a hurry at all
pose patient not a good sound with that
far
now with nine to shoot that seven lead
changes and again another impressive
pulled down by McLemore and Harper Reese
everyone then we have our 28:25 score
now Auburn and that was like a one on
three fast-break fit Victor lot of white
shirts no hindrance
they played their style
it burns right there 11:3 scratch for
the Tigers two wrong way off the mark
picked off the floor on the one bounce
by Clark back outside and again Jerome
able to recover and hit a three an
offensive rebound soon though they hit
the rim I mean they generally don't do
that offensive rebound by Clark please
go into court let's the movement shows
you so much
Jerome has 13 of the Cavaliers 28 final
minutes
McLemore can bite you that's important
McLemore knocking down threes it brings
the bigs of Virginia out and creates
driving opportunities for the guards of
Auburn district team has hit the second
most threes in a season all times second
only to last year's national champion
Villanova
they get to Monday night they have a
chance to set the record low five
Tiger way outside an offer could get a
shot off here if the little guy takes
him treat that's even shake it long
though two seconds one second he got
blocked still gotta get time and he's
off the glass and we reach half time he
puts pressure on you every trip harbors
speed has gotten this team back in the
game creating opportunities for Auburn
with a nice lead 31:28 Auburn at the
intermission
you
this is AT&T at the half
AT&T giving you more for your March
Madness thing
[Music]
well we're down to 20 minutes to decide
who's gonna play on Monday in the
national championship game here in
Minneapolis verse twenty minutes pretty
darn even between Virginia and Auburn
with the Tigers of Auburn leading 31 to
28 AT&T at the half here from
Minneapolis Ernie Johnson got Clark
we've got Kenny we got Chuck and his
stuffed tiger well if y'all won cheap I
would have got a real tiger
don't CBS was cheap I wanted a real
tiger a practical is a better word are
you feeling right now trickster I feel
very good we knew it was gonna be nip
and tuck we haven't made any threes
that's a problem but we're gonna we're
gonna be in it because they're walking
the ball up and down the court I would
like to see us get into our office a
little bit sooner cause when you slow it
down like we are on my offense and let
the shot clock get on our back that's
two defenders let's jump into the
highlights certainly play it at a
Virginia pace in this one and Austin
Wiley early on will hit the jumper
Auburn on a 92 run points in the paint
1812 in favor of Auburn and light of
them not making threes at their normal
rate that's a big deal nice drive here
by Tyrone he was terrific in that first
half for 14
only player in double figures with third
C and then penetration is where Auburn's
been able to hurt pretend you to even
late in the shot clock self has been
able to get dribble penetration on
occasion but Jerome has been recovered
really the offensive spark for Virginia
in that first half I think Kyle guy and
DeAndre hunt are only 4 of 12 and that
first half from the field they've got to
shoot a better percentage in the second
half
31:28 is the Auburn lead here in the
national semifinal first of two games to
be played here in Minneapolis tonight
Kenny what caught your eye in the first
half well typically I don't really pay
attention much to the pace I pay
attention on to the how many possessions
you know and so meaning how many times
you got the ball I'm gonna jump the
other team's 28 to 29 and I don't think
that Virginia to win a game if they have
the same amount of possessions as Oliver
I really think because now you have this
advantage kid you have the ability to
get into the lane freeze it so you get
here
darren has the ability to get into the
paint find their shooters on the outside
or you have the wraparound pass as he
looks he finds a wraparound pass and so
now you get easy buckets and tough
layups and I think the same way again
when tara has the basketball they move
it around and they all said you said
Brown is coming and you have a freeze it
in you have a curl into a pick-and-roll
allows him to get his shot off so these
are comfortable shots even though the
low of number of possessions but if
you're
Oh Marone this is what you have to pay
attention to so freeze it here we got 24
seconds on the shot clock we've been
saying oh they're gonna slow it down
they're not and here it go they all of a
sudden said a sneak you and they get you
to relax and then they shoot early on
the shot clock
so at times they will take early shots
at times they will run it down but I
think even though the pace is Virginia
the possession game usually Virginia has
more possessions they will have five to
six more possession but at 28 and 29
this game is an Auburn type game to me
Clark Auburn's only three out of 14 from
deep they only have four fast-break
points what do they have to do to create
space between them and Virginia and can
they do that in the second half continue
to be disciplined defensively for the
most part I thought the last seven
minutes of the second of the first half
they were better defensively didn't get
broken down with the past and they've
been a second half three-point shooting
team they've made 29 of their 49 threes
in the second half they've got to make
sure they get quality ones and one way
is to try to turn Virginia over and
shoot those threes in transition threes
in transition than they are in the half
court so what and then one thing I'll
say Ernie if we're not gonna make threes
it's got to be a flat possession game
because we got spirt ability to take
claws work hey Virginia does not have
spirit abilities and we just have the
spurts with two or three three zero we
can get some distance but if we don't
make threes and the way Virginia plays
walking it is going to be a one
possession game whoever gets it last and
if you're just joining us you keep
hearing the word we that would mean
offer and because of Chuck anticipation
Virginia's and make it 3-3 ability
they're not a three-point like listen
they're that I take my chances oh that's
a great point to make we got the same
number three that Virginia we're not
gonna win okay there you go
and again there's there's that we again
and we stretch we will be right back
with more on AT&T at the half there on
CBS
it is a 31-28 auburn lead over UVA we'll
be back
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
coverage of the NCAA men's national
semi-finals is sponsored by loans do it
right for let's start with Lowe's Pizza
Hut official pizza of March Madness
Miller Lite great taste and only 96
calories and by Google Club the official
cloud of the NCAA
here are our uber eats first half stats
and by the way Auburn was out rebounded
in all four tournament games coming here
that could never happen for a team that
made it to the final four but they plus
six first half on the boards tied to
roam the star so far for Ginny in this
game a pretty solid play Jim really
great all-around player knows how to
make place I think it's what I love the
most about but he's a catalyst in so
many ways plays with good pace kiss and
then the step back as he bounced back
off the deck and then the find that
they're gonna have to do more of this
and you bet you the read man Orman is
not a great job defensively rebounding
let's experience every sign of March
Madness with Intel TrueView right here
getting into the paint what a beautiful
pass from Bryce Brown inside - Horace
Spencer with the finish and Auburn in
control when they get to the basket
Tracy over to you Jim who would win the
piece of playing was a big question
coming in Bruce Pearl said he likes the
pace so far but he feels as though these
guys can play faster much faster as for
Tony Bennett he said their quickness in
the lane is really hurting that he
doesn't feel things impacted on the ball
screen at all in DeAndre hunter he wants
to see him more engaged they need to get
more open looks and tighten up their
defense well Virginia led by as many as
five but Auburn leads it by three
[Applause]
eight different Tigers in the scoring
column and we'll begin here were the
first possession second half to Virginia
let's see who's got them right out of
the gate really stepping up a lot more
pressure this is when you get back touch
or open looks let me just give back you
can't press them in the half court but
I've got to get back but I like that
right there getting hunter an easy
basket inside but he's set a little too
much for jump shots contested getting it
to the paint where he could be effective
Tigers that close that first half 14 the
six run they've been strong in the
tournament games to begin the second
half they've owned the part that's brown
losing the drug went outside Dunbar puts
up a three back to the rim long rebound
out to Jerome flips it over to Clark who
will go back to the Virginia pace
it's amazing because in the first half
it really was Virginia's pace and Auburn
didn't shoot the ball well but still up
at half Piner got fouled by McLemore
that's what happens on that little curl
you head out a little bit and then the
slip to the rim and the fine
might he'd find delivery by Jerome he
just gives it up beautifully you can see
already the adjustment at halftime Tony
Bennett get the ball inside to the Aaron
hunter take advantage of the size
matchup in there
he's get to opportunities of these last
two possessions
now the Cavaliers one out of four from
the line
he's the second to shoot to Rome got
three opportunities in the first half
and they've missed four out of five
move the ball I think a lot of screening
a lot of quick Drive look at this fine
way back outside is underneath it may be
a shot there Ram good this you got me
thought ramp was Loman he felt was
presence at midcourt the three off the
front of the rim the gun bar Virginia
down one
the contest though that's what makes it
tough that you need to drive in kick to
an open look honey
much more aggressive yes to spur the
second half and he gets Virginia to Lee
that's our eighth lead change of the
game he's too skilled and too talented
to only have four points but certainly
got the message at halftime
being aggressive
slip to the open look McLemore with top
score in the first half nobody cutting
[Applause]
the Defensive Player of the Year the ACC
then you can see why
great reaction about a big guy different
personality right now
[Applause]
unlike him to attack right there but
that's not what they do
[Applause]
five blocks for the Cavaliers in this
game
he's interesting though a different look
at shot
look at this steel taken back by Clark
Keith
does it his way lays it in for the three
point lead that was like surfing on the
beach for him little plump up in hip
court first turnover by Auburn in the
last 13 minutes and it leads to a
breakaway layup
and even within the half-court offense
executing with pace too much of this
right here one-on-one will get you in
trouble
that kid is a great defender Hartford in
front of use quite a task for six points
in the second half along the Virginia
Auburn little out of control and the
Akita trying to box a box the ball
follow up by Dunbar no go and Virginia
has it a icky taste such a factor on
that defensive end why they have made
some plays right underneath that basket
to start this half speed at the rim is
really being tagged beautifully done
bars in his honor
yeah that shot that pass I should say
clock
gum bark it's the trailer see how they
corral they just don't let you beat them
in the initial he's got what he wants
here guy
detail on him Harper look at that switch
by Clark over to Dunbar good look but no
go now 3 for 18 from the three-point
line here for Auburn that's what they do
taking threes but unable to convert give
dissin credit to the defense of UVA
later submiss their first six shots of
the half
Jim you live and die by it I guess huh I
think you got to mix it up a little
[Applause]
mama Dee
three-point shot doesn't look bad right
there just like to see him in the paint
he's trying to twice
OPA to
so as we head to one of those screen and
rolls great feet for a big fella
they cover in the back beautifully for
him Auburn needs a basket to settle down
Hanson scored in this half four and a
half in here's Brown with a three try to
save it
that was Purifoy but it's into the arms
of Virginia again they feed off a
partner and he has been timing that
really hurts our offense
[Applause]
an airplane guy terrific
[Applause]
underneath and a hand on it might have
been McLemore a telegram put them over
the head some does he do that Jerome
that is and back to the first half now
Tigers have been blanked the last six
minutes on the clock
part of the first half they did a good
job with sharing the basketball moving
from side to side it's been too much
dribbling here I screwed a roll against
UVA the second half somehow gets through
back to the basket
I'll tell you what was a tough shot but
he he can been summarized it at lady who
do you think it was Matt McQuaid just
saying this business all right
they only to put up any points to first
five and a half in DeAndre hunter
showing his defensive ability their
confrontation at the rim at UVA has
Bruce Pearl frustrated
you
[Music]
well the tournament summary Auburn going
through the bluebloods
Arizona had that combination of teams
back in the 97th tournaments but given
some championships at it on by Kansas
North Carolina Kentucky you could say
often beat more national championships
combined to get to a final four than any
team in the history of the tournament it
tougher on them I mean it's just an
amazing accomplishment what they've done
more he had a banker three against them
he's really struggling on offense
barbara struggling eight straight stops
by Virginia's defense to begin the
second half so our burn only down three
points but not playing good basketball
here to start the second half
so key hey Clark at the line for a
couple well guess what this week the
world's best arrived in Augusta Georgia
as the vibe for the Covenant green
jacket and might as well say a tradition
unlike any other the Masters on CBS
coming up this week right right so who
you say that
once or twice his Navy then fourth step
I lay out the floor
ain't nothing run here by Virginia to
open up the half and down the almost
lost it here's Harper with a jump cut
and gets the three much needed the
Clarke just over helped and left the
below but that sets up their press they
want to speed it up where these team out
with the three ball handlers of UVA they
will take their time against any kind of
pressure they don't get rattled that
free was a first field goal going back
to the last minute of the first half six
and a half minutes between baskets
announcer over and a huge first half a
little out of control and it's tell you
away by Harper he may have taken that
extra step up ahead to Denny who is able
to lay it in for the tie of 36 that's
what they need they go to generate
offense on their defense speed of up
here's guys step back from the corner
that's an open look they really weren't
at home pay attention for the putback
butter asserting himself here in the
second half
obviously the advantage UVA has on the
inside without Okeke clawber compliment
date we got more attempts than anyone in
that first half and it's going back to
Virginia I never assumed the shot is
going in as deandre hunter on the glass
using that big body great rebound with
one hand wrestles the ball fantastic
finish
all his points in the second half have
been in the paint
they coming back in now we write three
his grant able to defuse it and then
take their time bigger lineup in your
burger Ginny with salt on the floor
along with Hunter and de ikita Jim I
probably could never play Virginia there
not even a hurry at closing time smooth
between two defenders what a pass by
Clark inside handling the drag scream
with a great show by Hunter look at the
hands who thought it was clean
anticipation a little bit nice collect
the D by guy and Jerome I like that for
our bird attack off the bounce get to
the paint nice spin move that looked
like all ball didn't it he should be an
aggressive and attacking put the onus on
the officials who make the call foul
call was actually on Jerome his first
so we'll put McCormick on the line jr.
from New Orleans
[Music]
awkward bench stepping up big in the
first half part of the reason why Tigers
lead it by three at the intermission
he's not afraid to play a lot of guys
nope
Shuma obviously a major missing factor
[Applause]
and both
17 bench points for Auburn they usually
run the old Tom Davis full-court
pressure initial trapped and not even
getting that then they drop back there's
time was the mentor for Bruce Pearl oh
yeah Stanford just to be his student
assistant at Boston College as Davey
makes it with the left hand as they
would think he would do more of that
because he can shoot it they hug
[Applause]
everything out on the perimeter against
his pack line defense hi nicely done by
mcCormick yes they do leave grant and
then they shouldn't attack more than
they're doing tonight they turn that
corner a little bit like that last plate
on the carving
[Applause]
hello 1-3-1 look that's a113 it looks
like a 131 not a pointy it's like our
announced boot drive drops he's always
around though offensive minded kid I
love how they put a shooter there in the
middle of the zone to attack
by now with nine on the game then led by
Jerome's 1300 with 12 a tip coming in
the second half Jim I think this plays
into Virginia go you know we're not
getting it in your set quick enough
mentally this is a revved up deeply
Rococo girl boys on the go and heat
ain't an item lock my mama D right there
without fouling as well seven blocks now
by Virginia none for Auburn and the
Cavaliers are shooting 70% at this end
and a half and a close-range shot looks
like coming but no foul first a little
nickel dimer of the lane on Purifoy Tony
Bennett his first Final Fours a head
coach same goes for Bruce Pearl we got
just a little more the ten minutes to go
for a spot in the championship game
Monday night
you
[Music]
[Applause]
let's show you some second half numbers
all second half numbers and everything
on the Virginia column including the
rebounding they were down six and a half
time in that and points in the paint
it's all boring Virginia's way at the
moment with 752 to go but they'll be
even bounding irritable moment with just
a second on the shot clock
generally that's a screen to allow which
is saved also Union in the bump of the
corner for a quick jump catch achoo
looks like Jack so let's go go do the
penny and maybe his step by hunter and
go back to the rim there he goes
[Applause]
no chance and that of course you have to
stop it Brown might have been able to
take off with it otherwise but that's
the rule let's go to Tracy
Jim Jared Harper was dealing with
flu-like symptoms the last few days and
now it looks like he's dealing with some
cramping he was having his calves worked
on on the bench and during the timeouts
he's constantly stretching it he's
taking extra food certainly something to
watch to see if he could play through it
Jim Jim that that's the first time
that's an old Bonnie cut you past it a
wing step and go to the rib first time
they've done something a little
different to mix it up with a lift of
the back that'll work because Virginia's
bigs hearts show so much defensively
that slip will be there so Purifoy off
the second foul by ty in Jerome gotta
make them though doctor stop get
yourself back in it Virginia of course
at 64 and 6 the last two years and back
in as mama D the Akita the Purefoy
another guy that can slip and post up to
grant
myriad of problems they get a trap of
Israel
Harper's Gramps he's moving around
pretty good not the only one in
Minneapolis been under the weather
yep Ironman Raftery playin hurt our
producer though mark ruled the
laryngitis lesson rise to the occasion
that's a blessing for us s that's it
screen out bogan second chances you're
not going to get a fast break they're so
well schooled Virginia art Burke right
hand and that was fluid that's said that
trainer over here look at it
that was a big one too
but sit down to a one possession game
with seven minutes remaining
he prefers India getting the ball back
into hunters hands he went to the bench
back out on the court has not been
involved as success in the paint
now with six to shoot those who can
elevate
[Applause]
it's the leather the dead ball drop
somebody's living well and that would be
tied to Rome about touch 18 points
and eight rebounds and four assists to
again a little bit slow on getting him
into it it's Rome just spacing using his
length against McCormack
right here so dangerous gonna go for
another one and hit the line it's real
settle but that's the frustration short
clock right here Jerome just takes his
time and off balance one hand and a
beautiful touch right there at the shot
that Tony Pacific would you draw up in a
timeout but they're also capable down
the stretch
now Bruce got a guy the troops get
something done on that offensive end
shake em up River
[Music]
at your favorite Final Four team with
license fan gear from the official NCAA
shop with the best selection of team
apparel head the ncaa.com slash shop
hey let's take a look at the Capital One
rewarding performance here you go not
too bad huh
the big guy ain't gonna cut they made
some incredible releases including that
one plate the shot clock
but directivity gets them some great
looks very unselfish they don't give up
fast breaks of course time to roam
always under control makes big plays
great decisions for his team times a
role play big you know the way he's
playing grant I would have thought there
would be a meritorious of at least one
send it in Jerome
Owen here at the final four wrap was
wrong I don't think he elevates it way
we've got plenty of time left
Jerome Lane love you
[Laughter]
[Applause]
nikita with four blocks just a couple
points in this game but big presence on
the defensive end as we approach six
minutes
[Applause]
and it is so comfortable and low-scoring
post-games smoked a good better on the
block the first half he settled for that
right there a little jump shot low he
read the defense attacked got it to the
paint for the finish time in the life in
this half with 10 of his 14 look at this
defense and tapped out by de ikita it's
a guy and they wall up on the dribble
usually it's around the rim they do -
Creech out with their footwork present
themselves great team defense great
individual defense as well though trying
to look they run to get guy an open top
[Applause]
one more time and they forget sending it
your own or it is
and it's a 10-point lead and a timeout
by Auburn unselfish play get yourself
available the play was for guy well
designed but why not roaming in Jerome
him organize you can run the show make
plays and drill it big time this season
NCAA coaches and infinity are taking a
timeout to fight cancer with affinities
1 million dollar donation to the
American Cancer Society this is an
infinity timeout for the win learn more
at infinity timeout calm
what a fantastic play they run the set
called close the door for Kyle guy but
de ikita comes and sets a nice little
screen for Jerome what a set there by
Tony Bennett and the ability to execute
Jerome stays hot tables posed at the
elevator I thought the Squeezebox that
play
there's doubting in the land there is a
whistle and then Virginia again thought
it was clean it's going to be on Jerome
this is a tough way to score I mean they
are right there closing out right in
your face nothing easy to struggle like
this
offer to cut the margin to 44 43 with
948 to go but it's a 13-2 for virginia
stretch since it is so good it almost
take your will mm-hmm no you don't get
stops and they come down and execute
take their time get frustrated as a team
with Auburn still time left we're gonna
have to execute on both ends is where
they gonna wrap it up a little bit and
let me get a trap Audrey come on
offering this season with five minutes
remaining when they LED or we're tied
they didn't lose the woman they were
down they didn't overtake it deficit
down ten now the two guards are much
more active which opens up a pass is
late to others 12 music as sighs they're
trying to back down Harper just elevate
finally gets off the shot this short
with defense by Harper not a good foul -
for the arrow
one that's gonna be his pork Wow Ron
thought he got fouled there on that post
up right there not a smart play there
right ham uncharacteristic they're
getting that foul in the backcourt
against Harper to your point now years
ago recently Princeton every year with
Pete Carell and we talk to our kids
about look whatever your averages you
get hit for that we might win don't
force the issue let the game come to you
which is run your stuff run your action
it's such a psychological difficulty for
kids
[Applause]
here's brown his first bucket since four
minutes into the game and he just set
the SEC single-season mark for most
threes in a season breaking oh mrs.
Marshall Henderson's mark with his
hundred and thirty ninth and he's got to
keep busy at the other end to become a
better look at Harper dribble drive
maybe he's out now little more
confidence just a six-point game four
minutes empty side screen
fart wiggling pass everyone back outside
flipped over key because I open the guy
has to get it back basket interference
yeah he dropped the ball on that swing
right there
God was forced to take a tough shot
right now Albarn 3:45 left whose pearl
is this team have any fight left
Virginia in control
you
coverage of the NCAA men's national
semi-finals is sponsored by Capital One
what's in your wallet
Samsung meet the next generation Galaxy
S 10 or you stay playful and by infinity
empower the drive
need to focus on the final four hey Siri
turn on do not disturb tomorrow on CBS
reba mcentire house country music's
party of the year
performances by the lake show Carrie
Underwood Keith Urban Miranda Lambert
more the Academy of Country Music Awards
live tomorrow at 8:00 7:00 central only
CBS offered to inbound 3:45 to go guys
right now offensively for Auburn and
have some success with the dribble weave
into a drive to the basket get some
movement here against his defense that
creates him inside shots with that to
grant round possession now he gets it
[Applause]
starting to simmer he's hit two threes
in the last couple of minutes and
there's his father Cedric who drives
down from Atlanta a couple of times a
week to just rebound after practice and
help work on his shot playing under the
weather today as we mentioned the
started to come on Clark on the baseline
head underneath Alba tries to save it
and does this is a piece they want to
play at now go go go
Barbara Smith picks everyone and it's
off Virginia
that's the Obama dude that's the attack
you need but the ability to find get
those puppies organized look at that -
over T Akita no less Harper with the guy
the backcourt that made the play get it
to him Jerome has to come back on the
floor they were up ten when he picked up
his fourth
I would drive him now is an important
force behind the back to Purifoy he's
driving in a pot with it for two more
and went down to a one-point game
quit kidding a different personality
this will be a long shot clock right now
listen ooh easy one shows is that post
up they've been looking for
nine nothing run okay so loves right and
losing it on the way but wow what a
great shape what a great shot fake
excuse me Jim bye hunter getting to the
basket
pass inside a deer 'gta just froze the
defense on that shaft Fagan dropped it
off mama D at the free-throw line
lured on McLemore reaching in right
there
mama Dee just two points six rebounds
five blocks shoot two throughout this
tournament he has been Virginia's best
player their most consistent player
getting it done on both ends of the
floor and it of course the biggest
bucket of all the shot the Senate to
overtime against Purdue Thursday
reflection back
- goodness presenteth refrain from the
free-throw line
pretty good free-throw shooter offered
again nine unanswered feels like it was
just a minute ago down ten now got a
chance on this trip to take the lead
inside two minutes
just a little more motion running on the
baseline here's that little flex and pin
down a little action Brown wants it
I don't know where that's been
he by the bids foul - on that
three-pointers palca contested
you got the field back in the last five
minutes of this game after hitting a
bucket in the first minutes and then not
hitting anything for a long time playing
in a quicker fashion certainly has
helped them all burned by 212 unanswered
answer on a 12 game win streak Jerome
thinks about it was a deep one and it's
open it comes out with it
Virginia has just seen this 10 point
lead a collapse in this last five
minutes it switched a little into Roman
attitude they're back in they can't
regain it
a momentum change but it's all run
scores right here this could really be
lights out for Virginia they don't like
to play fast around one more time always
wild with it
that was some action though they will
double screen when a turtle hands off it
I got a better sound no question but at
least it's something little mojo going
ready for a thrill pack final minute
here we go Virginia scoreless the last
four and a half we got to get the ball
to DeAndre hunter if you're Virginia
[Applause]
drum I said get into Lane and make a
play
Alki though with five to shoot her
puranam they showed front of the rim
over ball inside 30
I think yeah they're gonna give it we're
trying to tie them up we got a timeout
say Harper called it first call the
timeout where Virginia it away with the
resolve on the outfits of men pay the
price but how about this little pass
plan a little guy number two in your
program right now number one in the
hearts of the Auburn followers Charles
is smiling in a big building
only four fouls so they can't just go
out there hack them and put them on the
line offered to inbound with a two-point
lead Virginia in the last five minutes
scoreless they're really all kind of
started when Jerome got that foul by the
foul trouble and of course our colleague
mr. Charles Barkley all of a sudden is a
little bit more interested in this
outcome so the difficulty not they don't
foul on it's hurting Virginia right now
as you they do something quickly Sue's
on the catch
Barbara got to get the ball to Harper
[Applause]
- oh boy - is about looking around and
almost on daddy's got it we get it
quick went on him and it took about a
second but that's just again that's the
fifth team foul you got one more they
can give before the second one would put
them on the line just out of reach for
guy I'll let that what a great gamble
and Jerome
this man to coach right here we can pan
to put in for something desperate times
though his team's gone drive up ahead to
Harper and Clark quickly swipe set him
and again just about a half second comes
off so we're at now 16 fouls and the
next one would be the one and one
Laurel Bennett watching at five minutes
to go in this game up 10
one thing with Harper he is tough to
control great footwork and speed to free
himself over here they have to come meet
the past McLemore has it and reach in
he's the one who will go to the line 66%
free-throw shooter there's always a
little different coming down the stretch
Jerome back in that's what they saved
them for Randi pearl watching one in one
coming up
you knew coming in if this game would be
similar to this ingenuous it forces
their will on you you have to compete at
that level seventeen point six seconds
is what they drill on screen out
one and one
pure appoint not even close to touching
the rim now McLemore
they push attack the rim at the other
end now for Virginia the second one to
for a four-point lead two possession
game here for Virginia got to go for two
right away they don't have a speed guy
to go to the rim
not a hurry now shotgun reporter goes
down the one with 6.5 Kirkwood inbound
though they got a foul on Clark and
before the ball was enter and it'll send
the one guy they didn't want to put on
the line Harper 83% you're right it was
11 for 11 from the line against Kentucky
how about this shot though to keep him
in it his toughest shot all night call
guy knocking down that three and Sir
Charles set to here with that reaction
it'll still be a one-on-one just six and
a half to go he's made his last 17
during the tournament from the line they
may add some time right here but I'm if
I'm Virginia mayor of is maybe get the
ball into Clark Sam let him speed the
ball up the court then they may get a
good luck with him
I think they might add a few seconds
here
[Applause]
the ball burns also has the - to play
with to the house to give so they they
really are in a commanding position
we got adjusted to seven point four
seconds
your best free-throw shooters in the
line even if he makes them both Virginia
should have a chance to get down court
and try to tie it with the three Bruce
is really in good control here in terms
of giving fouls - tell me everybody on
the floor front end coming
kid oh my goodness father Patrick you
got to be proud of this kid that grit
and toughness assuming he makes this
awkward you still want to have some
pressure obviously don't let Virginia
get the ball inbounds easily here we go
guys the whole season down to seven
point four for both these teams second
ones off the bar to get one more -
what's interesting I would have waited a
little more I think he's drums on the
speed really if folks have been to
another couple seconds this one that you
want to force the ball backwards that
wasn't very smart foul which is saying
about the roam but definitely having
fouls to give take the momentum but
watch something down to mama D long pass
5.4 to go I think I lost it for a moment
[Applause]
they had another foul to give that other
foul might have bailed out to roll right
there in that situation and don't
kidding absolutely does that was gonna
be just the desperate heat from just
inside the midcourt stripe they do heady
play well coached well school very aware
timeout Virginia good officiating to
knowing the situation all right we're
gonna go to a break hold your breath
you
coach what are they gonna do here bill
with one and a half to go
I think they run a little back screen
and pop like back screen one goes to the
rim the other guy turns hit him turn and
shoot I'm guessing that's what they're
gonna do yeah I think you faked a back
screen maybe a slip and catch that got
rolled into the basket
dangerous guy is the inbounder but i
don't think they have enough time to
give it back at a 611 man guarding the
inbounds pass and wily so here we go to
Rome to inbound leather got the LOB
looking looking it's guy from the court
[Applause]
thought it was over but there was a
whistle Bruce pearls because he's got to
be careful he does have to be careful
hit me I think he might have bumped him
low I need to see on the replay here
bill
that angles tough with it Brown trying
to close out on guy might have bumped
him low
you have a right to come down yeah you
do everybody shut down excuse me a shot
dowdy right there with the clothes out a
little too close
as you said the shooter has to have the
space to land
[Applause]
Wow that does impact a shot it's a
killer
let's bring in Jean starett or what did
you see here Jean what we've got a look
at Gaza is you look at where the
defensive player left his feet if he
doesn't land in that immediate proximity
then he is jumping toward the offensive
player
we call that an A to B jump and if you
look at the replay ten blue leaves his
feet jumps toward the offensive player
what's where he lands he's ly left at
one spot he's landing moving toward his
opponent he contacts him while he's
airborne now what they'll do with the
clock in this situation is they will go
to when the contact occurred and that's
the time that they will put back on the
clock yeah they've already adjusted it
good point Jean 20.6 but guy will be at
the line for three
the former mr. Indiana basketball the
former a year ago ACC tournament MVP the
first team all sees a CC player who hit
a three to keep him in the game two
seconds ago a desperation shot from the
other corner
I'll tell you if you're Virginia this is
the guy you want on the line your first
team all-acc player 81% he's tied it
this is unbelievable
using the timeout they could think a
little bit what a finished unbelievable
ending how do you stand up and make
those free throws with everything on the
line he's got one more coming after this
break
you
all kinds of things to set up here one
more free throw coming for Kyle guy and
then Auburn's gonna try to do something
with points six seconds to go
[Applause]
Tigers having just taken their last
timeout
[Applause]
[Music]
Bruce Pearl was a beside himself on that
call and now trying to look ahead here
figure out something his team can do
[Music]
firstly for Virginia make or miss in
this situation get no fat whatsoever you
don't want to put all of it on the
free-throw line Kyle God is so capable
stepping up here big shots
[Applause]
for the lead they got all three it's now
you got it here we go point six seconds
and nobody note me on the inbounder
gorillas gonna go to the other side he's
got brown all the way in the Far Court
might as well heave it all the way the
distance a grant he'll pass here it is
Brown turns around it's off the bar and
Virginia is heading to its first ever
national championship game appearance
with five points in the last eight
seconds
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
what a finish about Virginia these close
games the backboard situation to dribble
[Music]
just when you thought Virginia was dead
in the water there
no we didn't jump out of it must believe
without dribble it was actually a little
dribble you think about what guy did he
actually had six points in the last 7
seconds hits the corner three hits all
three free-throws
[Applause]
I mean it was just such a flip of
emotions from what really was a collapse
I'm still a little 10 point lead with
five minutes to go then you're down by
four guy just had to launch something
from the corner and got the
controversial call and this one there
are feelings all over this building up
and down and heartbreak for these guys
Tracy over to you talking about that
call the controversial call you get
fouled you get to the free-throw line
take us through that play first off has
a great you know draw by coach we brand
it all year and I've gotten a lot of
shots in that corner and we've gotten a
lot of duck dance so Drake was the other
options I was open for a split second
tie and confidence in me and you know
controversial or not it
we got the win I've never been a part of
something that's like controversial but
I mean you know I just
I can't even express how I feel right
now what's it like when you're standing
on the line and have to hit those three
free-throws I could lie to you and say I
knew I was going to hit him but I was
terrified I had confidence in myself but
this is what we dream of and you know
for for me to be able to to do this for
our team I couldn't be happier well I
have to bring in coach right now and yes
just talk about this guy and what he
means to this program and what he was
able to do for your team tonight
pause clutch and we missed some free
throws and I I hope that was a good call
I believe it was stuff but the line make
the shots you know we got up by eight or
ten and they made some plays and we had
some trouble but the last two games oh
my oh my is right you're headed to the
national championship game and one final
question for you I know your dad was too
nervous to come so do you have a little
shout out of he's watching your right
now yeah he's gonna be madder because we
didn't defend well enough so that'll
probably what I got but we'll tighten it
up and be ready for ever we play we'll
see you on Monday Jim well some
controversial plays one we'd even have a
chance to review
we heard from Jane's territory about
this one earlier in the closing seconds
Jean yeah Jim as Todd Jerome is bringing
the ball up the court
he accidentally bumps the ball as we can
see off of his back foot now it's not
touched a defender he then repossesses
this ball with both hands that ends his
dribble then he makes the decision to
dribble again which by rule is a double
dribble
it's a tough judgment play you know and
if somebody if operon touches the ball
at all
it's a reset and gets the dribble again
but that's what you're looking at here
that's a double dribble violation and
then the foul one time gene you know
what Jim with the five no problem with
the foul that's an A to B we call the
defender leaves of point a lands at
point B he's contacting an airborne
shooter that contact is a foul it's a
good call
you guys hear the reaction in this
building I don't think I've ever heard
that at a Final Four that an outcry that
loud there are some restless and upset
folks here I wouldn't give them the ball
back that double dribble Oh about that
but a big missed call right there but
Kyle guy it's a corner three and then
hits the three free throws and Virginia
has advanced to the monday night final
we'll play for a national championship
for the first time go take on the winner
of Texas Tech Michigan State which is
next on the floor coming up it's the
capital one tournament central followed
by Texas Tech Michigan State state we'll
send it to our studio after these
messages
you
